"description"
"1"	"A group of intergalactic criminals are forced to work together to stop a fanatical warrior from taking control of the universe."
"2"	"Following clues to the origin of mankind, a team finds a structure on a distant moon, but they soon realize they are not alone."
"3"	"Three girls are kidnapped by a man with a diagnosed 23 distinct personalities. They must try to escape before the apparent emergence of a frightful new 24th."
"4"	"In a city of humanoid animals, a hustling theater impresario's attempt to save his theater with a singing competition becomes grander than he anticipates even as its finalists' find that their lives will never be the same."
"5"	"A secret government agency recruits some of the most dangerous incarcerated super-villains to form a defensive task force. Their first mission: save the world from the apocalypse."
"6"	"European mercenaries searching for black powder become embroiled in the defense of the Great Wall of China against a horde of monstrous creatures."
"7"	"A jazz pianist falls for an aspiring actress in Los Angeles."
"8"	"A has-been actor best known for playing the title character in the 1980s detective series \"Mindhorn\" must work with the police when a serial killer says that he will only speak with Detective Mindhorn, whom he believes to be a real person."
"9"	"A true-life drama, centering on British explorer Col. Percival Fawcett, who disappeared while searching for a mysterious city in the Amazon in the 1920s."
"10"	"A spacecraft traveling to a distant colony planet and transporting thousands of people has a malfunction in its sleep chambers. As a result, two passengers are awakened 90 years early."
"11"	"The adventures of writer Newt Scamander in New York's secret community of witches and wizards seventy years before Harry Potter reads his book in school."
"12"	"The story of a team of female African-American mathematicians who served a vital role in NASA during the early years of the U.S. space program."
"13"	"The Rebel Alliance makes a risky move to steal the plans for the Death Star, setting up the epic saga to follow."
"14"	"In Ancient Polynesia, when a terrible curse incurred by the Demigod Maui reaches an impetuous Chieftain's daughter's island, she answers the Ocean's call to seek out the Demigod to set things right."
"15"	"Gloria is an out-of-work party girl forced to leave her life in New York City, and move back home. When reports surface that a giant creature is destroying Seoul, she gradually comes to the realization that she is somehow connected to this phenomenon."
"16"	"The quiet life of a terrier named Max is upended when his owner takes in Duke, a stray whom Max instantly dislikes."
"17"	"WWII American Army Medic Desmond T. Doss, who served during the Battle of Okinawa, refuses to kill people, and becomes the first man in American history to receive the Medal of Honor without firing a shot."
"18"	"The CIA's most dangerous former operative is drawn out of hiding to uncover more explosive truths about his past."
"19"	"A five-year-old Indian boy gets lost on the streets of Calcutta, thousands of kilometers from home. He survives many challenges before being adopted by a couple in Australia. 25 years later, he sets out to find his lost family."
"20"	"When twelve mysterious spacecraft appear around the world, linguistics professor Louise Banks is tasked with interpreting the language of the apparent alien visitors."
"21"	"Kenny Wells, a prospector desperate for a lucky break, teams up with a similarly eager geologist and sets off on a journey to find gold in the uncharted jungle of Indonesia."
"22"	"A depressed uncle is asked to take care of his teenage nephew after the boy's father dies."
"23"	"A cold-blooded predatory couple while cruising the streets in search of their next victim, will stumble upon a 17-year-old high school girl, who will be sedated, abducted and chained in the strangers' guest room."
"24"	"After the Bergens invade Troll Village, Poppy, the happiest Troll ever born, and the curmudgeonly Branch set off on a journey to rescue her friends."
"25"	"Two decades after the first Independence Day invasion, Earth is faced with a new extra-Solar threat. But will mankind's new space defenses be enough?"
"26"	"Fiona visits Paris for the first time to assist her myopic Aunt Martha. Catastrophes ensue, mainly involving Dom, a homeless man who has yet to have an emotion or thought he was afraid of expressing."
"27"	"In ancient India, an adventurous and daring man becomes involved in a decades old feud between two warring people."
"28"	"A young woman must save herself and her friends from an ancient evil that stalks its victims through the real-life phenomenon of sleep paralysis."
"29"	"When three overworked and under-appreciated moms are pushed beyond their limits, they ditch their conventional responsibilities for a jolt of long overdue freedom, fun, and comedic self-indulgence."
"30"	"When Callum Lynch explores the memories of his ancestor Aguilar and gains the skills of a Master Assassin, he discovers he is a descendant of the secret Assassins society."
"31"	"A holiday gathering threatens to go off the rails when Ned Fleming realizes that his daughter's Silicon Valley millionaire boyfriend is about to pop the question."
"32"	"A wealthy art gallery owner is haunted by her ex-husband's novel, a violent thriller she interprets as a symbolic revenge tale."
"33"	"After the re-emergence of the world's first mutant, world-destroyer Apocalypse, the X-Men must unite to defeat his extinction level plan."
"34"	"A fast-talking mercenary with a morbid sense of humor is subjected to a rogue experiment that leaves him with accelerated healing powers and a quest for revenge."
"35"	"Alice returns to where the nightmare began: The Hive in Raccoon City, where the Umbrella Corporation is gathering its forces for a final strike against the only remaining survivors of the apocalypse."
"36"	"Political interference in the Avengers' activities causes a rift between former allies Captain America and Iron Man."
"37"	"A team of explorers travel through a wormhole in space in an attempt to ensure humanity's survival."
"38"	"While on a journey of physical and spiritual healing, a brilliant neurosurgeon is drawn into the world of the mystic arts."
"39"	"Seven gunmen in the old west gradually come together to help a poor village against savage thieves."
"40"	"Alienated, hopeful-filmmaker Pat Johnson's epic story growing up in rural Illinois, falling in love, and becoming the first fan of the movie that changed everything."
"41"	"A sausage strives to discover the truth about his existence."
"42"	"A chronicle of the childhood, adolescence and burgeoning adulthood of a young, African-American, gay man growing up in a rough neighborhood of Miami."
"43"	"A group of friends are going on a camping trip to celebrate graduating college. But once they enter the woods, the proverbial shit starts to hit the fan."
"44"	"The story of Ray Kroc, a salesman who turned two brothers' innovative fast food eatery, McDonald's, into one of the biggest restaurant businesses in the world with a combination of ambition, persistence, and ruthlessness."
"45"	"A young street artist in East Los Angeles is caught between his father's obsession with lowrider car culture, his ex-felon brother and his need for self-expression."
"46"	"Jack Sparrow and Barbossa embark on a quest to find the elusive fountain of youth, only to discover that Blackbeard and his daughter are after it too."
"47"	"In the high-stakes world of political power-brokers, Elizabeth Sloane is the most sought after and formidable lobbyist in D.C. But when taking on the most powerful opponent of her career, she finds winning may come at too high a price."
"48"	"A young girl finds herself in a reform school after therapy since she was blamed for the death of a young boy. At the school she finds herself drawn to a fellow student, unaware that he is an angel, and has loved her for thousands of years."
"49"	"The USS Enterprise crew explores the furthest reaches of uncharted space, where they encounter a new ruthless enemy who puts them and everything the Federation stands for to the test."
"50"	"A director (Charlize Theron) of an international aid agency in Africa meets a relief aid doctor (Javier Bardem) amidst a political/social revolution, and together face tough choices ... See full summary »"
"51"	"Three decades after the defeat of the Galactic Empire, a new threat arises. The First Order attempts to rule the galaxy and only a ragtag group of heroes can stop them, along with the help of the Resistance."
"52"	"Vampire death dealer, Selene (Kate Beckinsale) fights to end the eternal war between the Lycan clan and the Vampire faction that betrayed her."
"53"	"Three generations come together in the week leading up to Mother's Day."
"54"	"An ex-hitman comes out of retirement to track down the gangsters that took everything from him."
"55"	"When the menace known as the Joker wreaks havoc and chaos on the people of Gotham, the Dark Knight must come to terms with one of the greatest psychological tests of his ability to fight injustice."
"56"	"In the 17th century, two Portuguese Jesuit priests travel to Japan in an attempt to locate their mentor, who is rumored to have committed apostasy, and to propagate Catholicism."
"57"	"Hoping to walk away with a massive fortune, a trio of thieves break into the house of a blind man who isn't as helpless as he seems."
"58"	"A girl in a small town forms an unlikely bond with a recently-paralyzed man she's taking care of."
"59"	"A former secretary, newly appointed as a scriptwriter for propaganda films, joins the cast and crew of a major production while the Blitz rages around them."
"60"	"The story of Chesley Sullenberger, an American pilot who became a hero after landing his damaged plane on the Hudson River in order to save the flight's passengers and crew."
"61"	"Fearing that the actions of Superman are left unchecked, Batman takes on the Man of Steel, while the world wrestles with what kind of a hero it really needs."
"62"	"A father and son, both coroners, are pulled into a complex mystery while attempting to identify the body of a young woman, who was apparently harboring dark secrets."
"63"	"A divorcee becomes entangled in a missing persons investigation that promises to send shockwaves throughout her life."
"64"	"Literature student Anastasia Steele's life changes forever when she meets handsome, yet tormented, billionaire Christian Grey."
"65"	"Two stage magicians engage in competitive one-upmanship in an attempt to create the ultimate stage illusion."
"66"	"A spy organization recruits an unrefined, but promising street kid into the agency's ultra-competitive training program, just as a global threat emerges from a twisted tech genius."
"67"	"The story of the 2013 Boston Marathon bombing and the aftermath, which includes the city-wide manhunt to find the terrorists responsible."
"68"	"A woman rebels against a tyrannical ruler in postapocalyptic Australia in search for her home-land with the help of a group of female prisoners, a psychotic worshipper, and a drifter named Max."
"69"	"A man's nervous breakdown causes him to leave his wife and live in his attic for several months."
"70"	"A dramatization of the April 2010 disaster, when the offshore drilling rig Deepwater Horizon exploded and created the worst oil spill in U.S. history."
"71"	"Set during the last days of the Ottoman Empire, The Promise follows a love triangle between Michael, a brilliant medical student, the beautiful and sophisticated Ana, and Chris - a renowned American journalist based in Paris."
"72"	"In 1942, a Canadian intelligence officer in North Africa encounters a female French Resistance fighter on a deadly mission behind enemy lines. When they reunite in London, their relationship is tested by the pressures of war."
"73"	"A boy seeks the help of a tree monster to cope with his single mother's terminal illness."
"74"	"Retreating from life after a tragedy, a man questions the universe by writing to Love, Time and Death. Receiving unexpected answers, he begins to see how these things interlock and how even loss can reveal moments of meaning and beauty."
"75"	"In a city of anthropomorphic animals, a rookie bunny cop and a cynical con artist fox must work together to uncover a conspiracy."
"76"	"Captain Barbossa, Will Turner and Elizabeth Swann must sail off the edge of the map, navigate treachery and betrayal, find Jack Sparrow, and make their final alliances for one last decisive battle."
"77"	"Earth's mightiest heroes must come together and learn to fight as a team if they are to stop the mischievous Loki and his alien army from enslaving humanity."
"78"	"In Nazi-occupied France during World War II, a plan to assassinate Nazi leaders by a group of Jewish U.S. soldiers coincides with a theatre owner's vengeful plans for the same."
"79"	"Jack Sparrow races to recover the heart of Davy Jones to avoid enslaving his soul to Jones' service, as other friends and foes seek the heart for their own agenda as well."
"80"	"Following a ghost invasion of Manhattan, paranormal enthusiasts Erin Gilbert and Abby Yates, nuclear engineer Jillian Holtzmann, and subway worker Patty Tolan band together to stop the otherworldly threat."
"81"	"A thief, who steals corporate secrets through use of dream-sharing technology, is given the inverse task of planting an idea into the mind of a CEO."
"82"	"In the forests of the Pacific Northwest, a father devoted to raising his six kids with a rigorous physical and intellectual education is forced to leave his paradise and enter the world, challenging his idea of what it means to be a parent."
"83"	"Based on the true story of Jordan Belfort, from his rise to a wealthy stock-broker living the high life to his fall involving crime, corruption and the federal government."
"84"	"With his wife's disappearance having become the focus of an intense media circus, a man sees the spotlight turned on him when it's suspected that he may not be innocent."
"85"	"Deckard Shaw seeks revenge against Dominic Toretto and his family for his comatose brother."
"86"	"A new theme park, built on the original site of Jurassic Park, creates a genetically modified hybrid dinosaur, which escapes containment and goes on a killing spree."
"87"	"A group of Boston-bred gangsters set up shop in balmy Florida during the Prohibition era, facing off against the competition and the Ku Klux Klan."
"88"	"A paraplegic marine dispatched to the moon Pandora on a unique mission becomes torn between following his orders and protecting the world he feels is his home."
"89"	"In the dead of a Wyoming winter, a bounty hunter and his prisoner find shelter in a cabin currently inhabited by a collection of nefarious characters."
"90"	"As a math savant uncooks the books for a new client, the Treasury Department closes in on his activities and the body count starts to rise."
"91"	"When Keller Dover's daughter and her friend go missing, he takes matters into his own hands as the police pursue multiple leads and the pressure mounts."
"92"	"As an Orc horde invades the planet Azeroth using a magic portal, a few human heroes and dissenting Orcs must attempt to stop the true evil behind this war."
"93"	"An aspiring author during the civil rights movement of the 1960s decides to write a book detailing the African American maids' point of view on the white families for which they work, and the hardships they go through on a daily basis."
"94"	"Based on the true story of two young men, David Packouz and Efraim Diveroli, who won a $300 million contract from the Pentagon to arm America's allies in Afghanistan."
"95"	"When Tony Stark and Bruce Banner try to jump-start a dormant peacekeeping program called Ultron, things go horribly wrong and it's up to Earth's mightiest heroes to stop the villainous Ultron from enacting his terrible plan."
"96"	"In 1970s Los Angeles, a mismatched pair of private eyes investigate a missing girl and the mysterious death of a porn star."
"97"	"Two strangers find themselves linked in a bizarre way. When a connection forms, will distance be the only thing to keep them apart?"
"98"	"Shortly after delivering a patient to an understaffed hospital, a police officer experiences strange and violent occurrences seemingly linked to a group of mysterious hooded figures."
"99"	"A personal shopper in Paris refuses to leave the city until she makes contact with her twin brother who previously died there. Her life becomes more complicated when a mysterious person contacts her via text message."
"100"	"An undercover cop and a mole in the police attempt to identify each other while infiltrating an Irish gang in South Boston."
"101"	"Identical twin gangsters Ronald and Reginald Kray terrorize London during the 1960s."
"102"	"The powerful but arrogant god Thor is cast out of Asgard to live amongst humans in Midgard (Earth), where he soon becomes one of their finest defenders."
"103"	"An astronaut becomes stranded on Mars after his team assume him dead, and must rely on his ingenuity to find a way to signal to Earth that he is alive."
"104"	"A young businessman faces a lawyer trying to prove his innocence by the assassination of his lover."
"105"	"In the early 1960s, CIA agent Napoleon Solo and KGB operative Illya Kuryakin participate in a joint mission against a mysterious criminal organization, which is working to proliferate nuclear weapons."
"106"	"A divorced father and his ex-con older brother resort to a desperate scheme in order to save their family's ranch in West Texas."
"107"	"A look at the life of an aging insult comic named Jack Burke."
"108"	"Tarzan, having acclimated to life in London, is called back to his former home in the jungle to investigate the activities at a mining encampment."
"109"	"A mother struggles to make a better life for her daughter."
"110"	"A young programmer is selected to participate in a ground-breaking experiment in synthetic intelligence by evaluating the human qualities of a breath-taking humanoid A.I."
"111"	"In a twisted social experiment, 80 Americans are locked in their high-rise corporate office in Bogotá, Colombia and ordered by an unknown voice coming from the company's intercom system to participate in a deadly game of kill or be killed."
"112"	"In the antebellum United States, Solomon Northup, a free black man from upstate New York, is abducted and sold into slavery."
"113"	"A dystopian love story in a Texas wasteland and set in a community of cannibals."
"114"	"King Leonidas of Sparta and a force of 300 men fight the Persians at Thermopylae in 480 B.C."
"115"	"Harry, Ron and Hermione search for Voldemort's remaining Horcruxes in their effort to destroy the Dark Lord as the final battle rages on at Hogwarts."
"116"	"When his uptight CEO sister threatens to shut down his branch, the branch manager throws an epic Christmas party in order to land a big client and save the day, but the party gets way out of hand..."
"117"	"When aspiring model Jesse moves to Los Angeles, her youth and vitality are devoured by a group of beauty-obsessed women who will take any means necessary to get what she has."
"118"	"Former wrestler Mahavir Singh Phogat and his two wrestler daughters struggle towards glory at the Commonwealth Games in the face of societal oppression."
"119"	"After getting in a car accident, a woman is held in a shelter with two men, who claim the outside world is affected by a widespread chemical attack."
"120"	"The friendly but forgetful blue tang fish, Dory, begins a search for her long-lost parents, and everyone learns a few things about the real meaning of family along the way."
"121"	"When Jacob discovers clues to a mystery that stretches across time, he finds Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children. But the danger deepens after he gets to know the residents and learns about their special powers."
"122"	"In a world divided by factions based on virtues, Tris learns she's Divergent and won't fit in. When she discovers a plot to destroy Divergents, Tris and the mysterious Four must find out what makes Divergents dangerous before it's too late."
"123"	"Two hard-partying brothers place an online ad to find the perfect dates for their sister's Hawaiian wedding. Hoping for a wild getaway, the boys instead find themselves out-hustled by an uncontrollable duo."
"124"	"In the fourth installment of the fighting franchise, Boyka is shooting for the big leagues when an accidental death in the ring makes him question everything he stands for."
"125"	"Eight years after the Joker's reign of anarchy, the Dark Knight, with the help of the enigmatic Selina, is forced from his imposed exile to save Gotham City, now on the edge of total annihilation, from the brutal guerrilla terrorist Bane."
"126"	"After a threat from the tiger Shere Khan forces him to flee the jungle, a man-cub named Mowgli embarks on a journey of self discovery with the help of panther, Bagheera, and free spirited bear, Baloo."
"127"	"Autobots must escape sight from a bounty hunter who has taken control of the human serendipity: Unexpectedly, Optimus Prime and his remaining gang turn to a mechanic, his daughter, and her back street racing boyfriend for help."
"128"	"A high school senior finds herself immersed in an online game of truth or dare, where her every move starts to become manipulated by an anonymous community of \"watchers.\""
"129"	"The story of a bride-to-be trying to find her real father told using hit songs by the popular '70s group ABBA."
"130"	"A frontiersman on a fur trading expedition in the 1820s fights for survival after being mauled by a bear and left for dead by members of his own hunting team."
"131"	"A working-class African-American father tries to raise his family in the 1950s, while coming to terms with the events of his life."
"132"	"A witch tasks a childless baker and his wife with procuring magical items from classic fairy tales to reverse the curse put on their family tree."
"133"	"A mere 200 yards from shore, surfer Nancy is attacked by a great white shark, with her short journey to safety becoming the ultimate contest of wills."
"134"	"A promising young drummer enrolls at a cut-throat music conservatory where his dreams of greatness are mentored by an instructor who will stop at nothing to realize a student's potential."
"135"	"Hobbs has Dominic and Brian reassemble their crew to take down a team of mercenaries: Dominic unexpectedly gets convoluted also facing his presumed deceased girlfriend, Letty."
"136"	"A motorcycle stunt rider turns to robbing banks as a way to provide for his lover and their newborn child, a decision that puts him on a collision course with an ambitious rookie cop navigating a department ruled by a corrupt detective."
"137"	"Violence and mayhem ensue after a hunter stumbles upon a drug deal gone wrong and more than two million dollars in cash near the Rio Grande."
"138"	"A writer and wall street trader, Nick, finds himself drawn to the past and lifestyle of his millionaire neighbor, Jay Gatsby."
"139"	"In 1954, a U.S. marshal investigates the disappearance of a murderess who escaped from a hospital for the criminally insane."
"140"	"From the moment the new reverend climbs the pulpit, Liz knows she and her family are in great danger."
"141"	"The brash James T. Kirk tries to live up to his father's legacy with Mr. Spock keeping him in check as a vengeful Romulan from the future creates black holes to destroy the Federation one planet at a time."
"142"	"The adventures of a teenager who is fresh out of elementary and transitions to middle school, where he has to learn the consequences and responsibility to survive the year."
"143"	"Four denizens in the world of high-finance predict the credit and housing bubble collapse of the mid-2000s, and decide to take on the big banks for their greed and lack of foresight."
"144"	"A young boy is raised within the confines of a small shed."
"145"	"With the help of a German bounty hunter , a freed slave sets out to rescue his wife from a brutal Mississippi plantation owner."
"146"	"A woman is hired as a handmaiden to a Japanese heiress, but secretly she is involved in a plot to defraud her."
"147"	"High-school life gets even more unbearable for Nadine when her best friend, Krista, starts dating her older brother."
"148"	"In 1985 where former superheroes exist, the murder of a colleague sends active vigilante Rorschach into his own sprawling investigation, uncovering something that could completely change the course of history as we know it."
"149"	"Two co-dependent high school seniors are forced to deal with separation anxiety after their plan to stage a booze-soaked party goes awry."
"150"	"When Robert Langdon wakes up in an Italian hospital with amnesia, he teams up with Dr. Sienna Brooks, and together they must race across Europe against the clock to foil a deadly global plot."
"151"	"An orphan little girl befriends a benevolent giant who takes her to Giant Country, where they attempt to stop the man-eating giants that are invading the human world."
"152"	"Katniss Everdeen voluntarily takes her younger sister's place in the Hunger Games: a televised competition in which two teenagers from each of the twelve Districts of Panem are chosen at random to fight to the death."
"153"	"Summer, New York City. A college girl falls hard for a guy she just met. After a night of partying goes wrong, she goes to wild extremes to get him back."
"154"	"An idealistic FBI agent is enlisted by a government task force to aid in the escalating war against drugs at the border area between the U.S. and Mexico."
"155"	"Twin Peaks before Twin Peaks (1990) and at the same time not always and entirely in the same place as Twin Peaks: Fire Walk with Me (1992). A feature film which presents deleted scenes from Twin Peaks: Fire Walk with Me (1992) assembled together for the first time in an untold portion of the story's prequel."
"156"	"Warring alien and predator races descend on a rural US town, where unsuspecting residents must band together for any chance of survival."
"157"	"As a war between humankind and monstrous sea creatures wages on, a former pilot and a trainee are paired up to drive a seemingly obsolete special weapon in a desperate effort to save the world from the apocalypse."
"158"	"A middle-aged husband's life changes dramatically when his wife asks him for a divorce. He seeks to rediscover his manhood with the help of a newfound friend, Jacob, learning to pick up girls at bars."
"159"	"Scott Pilgrim must defeat his new girlfriend's seven evil exes in order to win her heart."
"160"	"Exceptional London cop Nicholas Angel is involuntarily transferred to a quaint English village and paired with a witless new partner. While on the beat, Nicholas suspects a sinister conspiracy is afoot with the residents."
"161"	"After a failed assassination attempt, a soldier finds himself stranded in the desert. Exposed to the elements, he must survive the dangers of the desert and battle the psychological and physical tolls of the treacherous conditions."
"162"	"Set in Boston in 1978, a meeting in a deserted warehouse between two gangs turns into a shootout and a game of survival."
"163"	"The X-Men send Wolverine to the past in a desperate effort to change history and prevent an event that results in doom for both humans and mutants."
"164"	"Jack Reacher must uncover the truth behind a major government conspiracy in order to clear his name. On the run as a fugitive from the law, Reacher uncovers a potential secret from his past that could change his life forever."
"165"	"Armed with a licence to kill, Secret Agent James Bond sets out on his first mission as 007 and must defeat a weapons dealer in a high stakes game of poker at Casino Royale, but things are not what they seem."
"166"	"A teenage girl risks everything when she falls in love with a vampire."
"167"	"The Four Horsemen resurface and are forcibly recruited by a tech genius to pull off their most impossible heist yet."
"168"	"Maria Altmann, an octogenarian Jewish refugee, takes on the Austrian government to recover artwork she believes rightfully belongs to her family."
"169"	"During an attack on a U.S. compound in Libya, a security team struggles to make sense out of the chaos."
"170"	"A cryptic message from Bond's past sends him on a trail to uncover a sinister organization. While M battles political forces to keep the secret service alive, Bond peels back the layers of deceit to reveal the terrible truth behind SPECTRE."
"171"	"When Louis Bloom, a con man desperate for work, muscles into the world of L.A. crime journalism, he blurs the line between observer and participant to become the star of his own story."
"172"	"A young boy named Kubo must locate a magical suit of armour worn by his late father in order to defeat a vengeful spirit from the past."
"173"	"Two estranged brothers reunite at their missing father's video store and find a VCR board game dubbed 'Beyond The Gates' that holds a connection to their father's disappearance."
"174"	"A lonely writer develops an unlikely relationship with an operating system designed to meet his every need."
"175"	"When the newly crowned Queen Elsa accidentally uses her power to turn things into ice to curse her home in infinite winter, her sister, Anna, teams up with a mountain man, his playful reindeer, and a snowman to change the weather condition."
"176"	"Bound by a shared destiny, a teen bursting with scientific curiosity and a former boy-genius inventor embark on a mission to unearth the secrets of a place somewhere in time and space that exists in their collective memory."
"177"	"A growing nation of genetically evolved apes led by Caesar is threatened by a band of human survivors of the devastating virus unleashed a decade earlier."
"178"	"Through a series of freak occurrences, a group of actors shooting a big-budget war movie are forced to become the soldiers they are portraying."
"179"	"Lorraine and Ed Warren travel to north London to help a single mother raising four children alone in a house plagued by a malicious spirit."
"180"	"Armed with a super-suit with the astonishing ability to shrink in scale but increase in strength, cat burglar Scott Lang must embrace his inner hero and help his mentor, Dr. Hank Pym, plan and pull off a heist that will save the world."
"181"	"Bridget's focus on single life and her career is interrupted when she finds herself pregnant, but with one hitch ... she can only be fifty percent sure of the identity of her baby's father."
"182"	"A family in 1630s New England is torn apart by the forces of witchcraft, black magic and possession."
"183"	"When her father unexpectedly passes away, young Ella finds herself at the mercy of her cruel stepmother and her scheming step-sisters. Never one to give up hope, Ella's fortunes begin to change after meeting a dashing stranger."
"184"	"Marc (Tom Hughes) is diagnosed with a disease and is given one year left to live. Unable to accept his own end, he decides to freeze his body. Sixty years later, in the year 2084, he ... See full summary »"
"185"	"While both participating in a production of \"Death of a Salesman,\" a teacher's wife is assaulted in her new home, which leaves him determined to find the perpetrator over his wife's traumatized objections."
"186"	"Murphy is an American living in Paris who enters a highly sexually and emotionally charged relationship with the unstable Electra. Unaware of the effect it will have on their relationship, they invite their pretty neighbor into their bed."
"187"	"19-year-old Billy Lynn is brought home for a victory tour after a harrowing Iraq battle. Through flashbacks the film shows what really happened to his squad - contrasting the realities of war with America's perceptions."
"188"	"In the aftermath of a family tragedy, an aspiring author is torn between love for her childhood friend and the temptation of a mysterious outsider. Trying to escape the ghosts of her past, she is swept away to a house that breathes, bleeds - and remembers."
"189"	"A mysterious Hollywood stuntman and mechanic moonlights as a getaway driver and finds himself in trouble when he helps out his neighbor."
"190"	"Having thought that monogamy was never possible, a commitment-phobic career woman may have to face her fears when she meets a good guy."
"191"	"A lighthouse keeper and his wife living off the coast of Western Australia raise a baby they rescue from a drifting rowing boat."
"192"	"An unexpected affair quickly escalates into a heart-stopping reality for two women whose passionate connection changes their lives forever."
"193"	"The true story of how the Boston Globe uncovered the massive scandal of child molestation and cover-up within the local Catholic Archdiocese, shaking the entire Catholic Church to its core."
"194"	"A corporate risk-management consultant must decide whether or not to terminate an artificially created humanoid being."
"195"	"The youngest son of an alcoholic former boxer returns home, where he's trained by his father for competition in a mixed martial arts tournament - a path that puts the fighter on a collision course with his estranged, older brother."
"196"	"Steve Rogers, a rejected military soldier transforms into Captain America after taking a dose of a \"Super-Soldier serum\". But being Captain America comes at a price as he attempts to take down a war monger and a terrorist organization."
"197"	"With the help of his new friends Alex Danyliuk turns to a life of crime and identity theft."
"198"	"After graduating from Emory University, top student and athlete Christopher McCandless abandons his possessions, gives his entire $24,000 savings account to charity and hitchhikes to Alaska to live in the wilderness. Along the way, Christopher encounters a series of characters that shape his life."
"199"	"During World War II, mathematician Alan Turing tries to crack the enigma code with help from fellow mathematicians."
"200"	"After he reconnects with an awkward pal from high school through Facebook, a mild-mannered accountant is lured into the world of international espionage."
"201"	"A soldier fighting aliens gets to relive the same day over and over again, the day restarting every time he dies."
"202"	"An ambitious young executive is sent to retrieve his company's CEO from an idyllic but mysterious \"wellness center\" at a remote location in the Swiss Alps, but soon suspects that the spa's treatments are not what they seem."
"203"	"The NSA's illegal surveillance techniques are leaked to the public by one of the agency's employees, Edward Snowden, in the form of thousands of classified documents distributed to the press."
"204"	"After being held captive in an Afghan cave, billionaire engineer Tony Stark creates a unique weaponized suit of armor to fight evil."
"205"	"After the earth-shattering revelations of Insurgent, Tris must escape with Four beyond the wall that encircles Chicago, to finally discover the shocking truth of the world around them."
"206"	"In 1962, the United States government enlists the help of Mutants with superhuman abilities to stop a malicious dictator who is determined to start World War III."
"207"	"When a young vegetarian undergoes a carnivorous hazing ritual at vet school, an unbidden taste for meat begins to grow in her."
"208"	"A quiet observation of the triumphs and defeats of daily life, along with the poetry evident in its smallest details."
"209"	"Competition between the maid of honor and a bridesmaid, over who is the bride's best friend, threatens to upend the life of an out-of-work pastry chef."
"210"	"A scientist and a teacher living in a dystopian future embark on a journey of survival with a special young girl named Melanie."
"211"	"In the aftermath of a massive earthquake in California, a rescue-chopper pilot makes a dangerous journey with his ex-wife across the state in order to rescue his daughter."
"212"	"Four college girls hold up a restaurant in order to fund their spring break vacation. While partying, drinking, and taking drugs, they are arrested, only to be bailed out by a drug and arms dealer."
"213"	"An ancient struggle between two Cybertronian races, the heroic Autobots and the evil Decepticons, comes to Earth, with a clue to the ultimate power held by a teenager."
"214"	"Obsessed with vengeance, a man sets out to find out why he was kidnapped and locked into solitary confinement for twenty years without reason."
"215"	"When Dr. Jane Foster gets cursed with a powerful entity known as the Aether, Thor is heralded of the cosmic event known as the Convergence and the genocidal Dark Elves."
"216"	"Mortal hero Bek teams with the god Horus in an alliance against Set, the merciless god of darkness, who has usurped Egypt's throne, plunging the once peaceful and prosperous empire into chaos and conflict."
"217"	"As Steve Rogers struggles to embrace his role in the modern world, he teams up with a fellow Avenger and S.H.I.E.L.D agent, Black Widow, to battle a new threat from history: an assassin known as the Winter Soldier."
"218"	"A young man working at a small town junkyard discovers and befriends a creature which feeds on oil being sought by a fracking company."
"219"	"A determined young woman and a damaged occultist risk their lives and souls to perform a dangerous ritual that will grant them what they want."
"220"	"Dave Lizewski is an unnoticed high school student and comic book fan who one day decides to become a superhero, even though he has no powers, training or meaningful reason to do so."
"221"	"Henry is resurrected from death with no memory, and he must save his wife from a telekinetic warlord with a plan to bio-engineer soldiers."
"222"	"A hot-shot race-car named Lightning McQueen gets waylaid in Radiator Springs, where he finds the true meaning of friendship and family."
"223"	"A young woman is followed by an unknown supernatural force after a sexual encounter."
"224"	"Journalist Mikael Blomkvist is aided in his search for a woman who has been missing for forty years by Lisbeth Salander, a young computer hacker."
"225"	"A veteran pot dealer creates a fake family as part of his plan to move a huge shipment of weed into the U.S. from Mexico."
"226"	"A teenage girl with nothing to lose joins a traveling magazine sales crew, and gets caught up in a whirlwind of hard partying, law bending and young love as she criss-crosses the Midwest with a band of misfits."
"227"	"In a dystopian near future, single people, according to the laws of The City, are taken to The Hotel, where they are obliged to find a romantic partner in forty-five days or are transformed into beasts and sent off into The Woods."
"228"	"A group of elite warriors parachute into an unfamiliar jungle and are hunted by members of a merciless alien race."
"229"	"A vengeful fairy is driven to curse an infant princess, only to discover that the child may be the one person who can restore peace to their troubled land."
"230"	"A single mom tries to break free from a mysterious organization that has abducted her."
"231"	"In the falangist Spain of 1944, the bookish young stepdaughter of a sadistic army officer escapes into an eerie but captivating fantasy world."
"232"	"In 1960s New York, Walter Stackhouse is a successful architect married to the beautiful Clara who leads a seemingly perfect life. But his fascination with an unsolved murder leads him into a spiral of chaos as he is forced to play cat-and-mouse with a clever killer and an overambitious detective, while at the same time lusting after another woman."
"233"	"As the Mayan kingdom faces its decline, the rulers insist the key to prosperity is to build more temples and offer human sacrifices. Jaguar Paw, a young man captured for sacrifice, flees to avoid his fate."
"234"	"Ethan and team take on their most impossible mission yet, eradicating the Syndicate - an International rogue organization as highly skilled as they are, committed to destroying the IMF."
"235"	"Eric and fellow warrior Sara, raised as members of ice Queen Freya's army, try to conceal their forbidden love as they fight to survive the wicked intentions of both Freya and her sister Ravenna."
"236"	"An introvert freshman is taken under the wings of two seniors who welcome him to the real world."
"237"	"Following the assassination of President John F. Kennedy, First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy fights through grief and trauma to regain her faith, console her children, and define her husband's historic legacy."
"238"	"A mother and her young son release unimaginable horrors from the attic of their rural dream home."
"239"	"The adventures of Gustave H, a legendary concierge at a famous hotel from the fictional Republic of Zubrowka between the first and second World Wars, and Zero Moustafa, the lobby boy who becomes his most trusted friend."
"240"	"When an unseen enemy threatens mankind by taking over their bodies and erasing their memories, Melanie will risk everything to protect the people she cares most about, proving that love can conquer all in a dangerous new world."
"241"	"A grizzled tank commander makes tough decisions as he and his crew fight their way across Germany in April, 1945."
"242"	"After young Riley is uprooted from her Midwest life and moved to San Francisco, her emotions - Joy, Fear, Anger, Disgust and Sadness - conflict on how best to navigate a new city, house, and school."
"243"	"When a radio falls from the sky into the hands of a wide-eyed Tibetan Mastiff, he leaves home to fulfill his dream of becoming a musician, setting into motion a series of completely unexpected events."
"244"	"When John Connor, leader of the human resistance, sends Sgt. Kyle Reese back to 1984 to protect Sarah Connor and safeguard the future, an unexpected turn of events creates a fractured timeline."
"245"	"A teenager discovers he's the descendant of a Greek god and sets out on an adventure to settle an on-going battle between the gods."
"246"	"In 19th-century France, Jean Valjean, who for decades has been hunted by the ruthless policeman Javert after breaking parole, agrees to care for a factory worker's daughter. The decision changes their lives forever."
"247"	"In 2027, in a chaotic world in which women have become somehow infertile, a former activist agrees to help transport a miraculously pregnant woman to a sanctuary at sea."
"248"	"The story of a teenage boy, his mother, and two other women who help raise him among the love and freedom of Southern California of 1979."
"249"	"A desk-bound CIA analyst volunteers to go undercover to infiltrate the world of a deadly arms dealer, and prevent diabolical global disaster."
"250"	"After he becomes a quadriplegic from a paragliding accident, an aristocrat hires a young man from the projects to be his caregiver."
"251"	"Anne is at a crossroads in her life. Long married to a successful, driven but inattentive movie producer, she unexpectedly finds herself taking a car trip from Cannes to Paris with a ... See full summary »"
"252"	"Three teenagers live isolated, without leaving their house, because their over-protective parents say they can only leave when their dogtooth falls out."
"253"	"The group NWA emerges from the mean streets of Compton in Los Angeles, California, in the mid-1980s and revolutionizes Hip Hop culture with their music and tales about life in the hood."
"254"	"When New York is put under siege by Oscorp, it is up to Spider-Man to save the city he swore to protect as well as his loved ones."
"255"	"Paranormal investigators Ed and Lorraine Warren work to help a family terrorized by a dark presence in their farmhouse."
"256"	"Three buddies wake up from a bachelor party in Las Vegas, with no memory of the previous night and the bachelor missing. They make their way around the city in order to find their friend before his wedding."
"257"	"A fleet of ships is forced to do battle with an armada of unknown origins in order to discover and thwart their destructive goals."
"258"	"A substance, designed to help the brain repair itself, gives rise to a super-intelligent chimp who leads an ape uprising."
"259"	"Rebecca must unlock the terror behind her little brother's experiences that once tested her sanity, bringing her face to face with an entity attached to their mother."
"260"	"Norman Oppenheimer is a small time operator who befriends a young politician at a low point in his life. Three years later, when the politician becomes an influential world leader, Norman's life dramatically changes for better and worse."
"261"	"Illustrated upon the progress of his latest Broadway play, a former popular actor's struggle to cope with his current life as a wasted actor is shown."
"262"	"A committed dancer wins the lead role in a production of Tchaikovsky's \"Swan Lake\" only to find herself struggling to maintain her sanity."
"263"	"The lives of four black students at an Ivy League college."
"264"	"A self-diagnosed nymphomaniac recounts her erotic experiences to the man who saved her after a beating."
"265"	"After facing Shredder, who has joined forces with mad scientist Baxter Stockman and henchmen Bebop and Rocksteady to take over the world, the Turtles must confront an even greater nemesis: the notorious Krang."
"266"	"A devoted father helps two stranded young women who knock on his door, but his kind gesture turns into a dangerous seduction and a deadly game of cat and mouse."
"267"	"Right before his wedding, an uptight guy is tricked into driving his grandfather, a lecherous former Army Lieutenant-Colonel, to Florida for spring break."
"268"	"An exploration of how the actions of individual lives impact one another in the past, present and future, as one soul is shaped from a killer into a hero, and an act of kindness ripples across centuries to inspire a revolution."
"269"	"A look at Wolverine's early life, in particular his time with the government squad Team X and the impact it will have on his later years."
"270"	"Four friends on their way to Coachella stop off in Los Angeles to tour true-crime occult sites, only to encounter a mysterious young runaway who puts them on a terrifying path to ultimate horror."
"271"	"Bond's loyalty to M is tested when her past comes back to haunt her. Whilst MI6 comes under attack, 007 must track down and destroy the threat, no matter how personal the cost."
"272"	"A reluctant hobbit, Bilbo Baggins, sets out to the Lonely Mountain with a spirited group of dwarves to reclaim their mountain home - and the gold within it - from the dragon Smaug."
"273"	"A pair of underachieving cops are sent back to a local high school to blend in and bring down a synthetic drug ring."
"274"	"A boy growing up in Dublin during the 1980s escapes his strained family life by starting a band to impress the mysterious girl he likes."
"275"	"An orphan girl dreams of becoming a ballerina and flees her rural Brittany for Paris, where she passes for someone else and accedes to the position of pupil at the Grand Opera house."
"276"	"A veteran assigned to extract Earth's remaining resources begins to question what he knows about his mission and himself."
"277"	"After making their way through high school (twice), big changes are in store for officers Schmidt and Jenko when they go deep undercover at a local college."
"278"	"In the late 1960s/early 1970s, a San Francisco cartoonist becomes an amateur detective obsessed with tracking down the Zodiac Killer, an unidentified individual who terrorizes Northern California with a killing spree."
"279"	"In 1980, a group of college baseball players navigate their way through the freedoms and responsibilities of unsupervised adulthood."
"280"	"When Tony Stark's world is torn apart by a formidable terrorist called the Mandarin, he starts an odyssey of rebuilding and retribution."
"281"	"An FBI agent and an Interpol detective track a team of illusionists who pull off bank heists during their performances and reward their audiences with the money."
"282"	"Detective Sherlock Holmes and his stalwart partner Watson engage in a battle of wits and brawn with a nemesis whose plot is a threat to all of England."
"283"	"Two separate sets of voluptuous women are stalked at different times by a scarred stuntman who uses his \"death proof\" cars to execute his murderous plans."
"284"	"A fictitious love story loosely inspired by the lives of Danish artists Lili Elbe and Gerda Wegener. Lili and Gerda's marriage and work evolve as they navigate Lili's groundbreaking journey as a transgender pioneer."
"285"	"Having endured his legendary twelve labors, Hercules, the Greek demigod, has his life as a sword-for-hire tested when the King of Thrace and his daughter seek his aid in defeating a tyrannical warlord."
"286"	"A young girl is institutionalized by her abusive stepfather, retreating to an alternative reality as a coping strategy, envisioning a plan to help her escape."
"287"	"A suburban couple becomes embroiled in an international espionage plot when they discover that their seemingly perfect new neighbors are government spies."
"288"	"A young woman discovers her destiny as an heiress of intergalactic nobility and must fight to protect the inhabitants of Earth from an ancient and destructive industry."
"289"	"A guard at an armored car company in the Southern U.S. organizes one of the biggest bank heists in American history. Based on the October 1997 Loomis Fargo robbery."
"290"	"Iris, young wife of a businessman, disappears in Paris. Maybe a mechanic with many debts is involved in the strange affair. A really complicated job for the police."
"291"	"While a zombie virus breaks out in South Korea, passengers struggle to survive on the train from Seoul to Busan."
"292"	"Beca, a freshman at Barden University, is cajoled into joining The Bellas, her school's all-girls singing group. Injecting some much needed energy into their repertoire, The Bellas take on their male rivals in a campus competition."
"293"	"When their new next-door neighbors turn out to be a sorority even more debaucherous than the fraternity previously living there, Mac and Kelly team with their former enemy, Teddy, to bring the girls down."
"294"	"A German soldier tries to determine if the Dutch resistance has planted a spy to infiltrate the home of Kaiser Wilhelm in Holland during the onset of World War II, but falls for a young Jewish Dutch woman during his investigation."
"295"	"Clark Kent, one of the last of an extinguished race disguised as an unremarkable human, is forced to reveal his identity when Earth is invaded by an army of survivors who threaten to bring the planet to the brink of destruction."
"296"	"Travis and Gabby first meet as neighbors in a small coastal town and wind up in a relationship that is tested by life's most defining events."
"297"	"Manny, Diego, and Sid join up with Buck to fend off a meteor strike that would destroy the world."
"298"	"A smart but sensible new graduate lands a job as an assistant to Miranda Priestly, the demanding editor-in-chief of a high fashion magazine."
"299"	"A U.S. Customs official uncovers a money laundering scheme involving Colombian drug lord Pablo Escobar."
"300"	"A story of family, religion, hatred, oil and madness, focusing on a turn-of-the-century prospector in the early days of the business."
"301"	"A man believes he has put his mysterious past behind him and has dedicated himself to beginning a new, quiet life. But when he meets a young girl under the control of ultra-violent Russian gangsters, he can't stand idly by - he has to help her."
"302"	"Marcus Luttrell and his team set out on a mission to capture or kill notorious Taliban leader Ahmad Shah, in late June 2005. Marcus and his team are left to fight for their lives in one of the most valiant efforts of modern warfare."
"303"	"Five friends go for a break at a remote cabin, where they get more than they bargained for, discovering the truth behind the cabin in the woods."
"304"	"After Playboy bunny Shelley is kicked out of the playboy mansion, she finds a job as the house mother for a sorority full of socially awkward girls."
"305"	"An average Joe meets the perfect woman, but his lack of confidence and the influence of his friends and family begin to pick away at the relationship."
"306"	"In 1970, drug-fueled Los Angeles private investigator Larry \"Doc\" Sportello investigates the disappearance of a former girlfriend."
"307"	"Alice returns to the whimsical world of Wonderland and travels back in time to help the Mad Hatter."
"308"	"A small town loner and a rebellious punk rocker unexpectedly fall in love as they are forced on the run and soon discover violence follows them everywhere."
"309"	"A teenager becomes a major competitor in the world of drift racing after moving in with his father in Tokyo to avoid a jail sentence in America."
"310"	"A group of young adults navigate love and relationships in New York City."
"311"	"The story of Michael Oher, a homeless and traumatized boy who became an All American football player and first round NFL draft pick with the help of a caring woman and her family."
"312"	"Adèle's life is changed when she meets Emma, a young woman with blue hair, who will allow her to discover desire and to assert herself as a woman and as an adult. In front of others, Adèle grows, seeks herself, loses herself, and ultimately finds herself through love and loss."
"313"	"A single mother, plagued by the violent death of her husband, battles with her son's fear of a monster lurking in the house, but soon discovers a sinister presence all around her."
"314"	"Bilbo and Company are forced to engage in a war against an array of combatants and keep the Lonely Mountain from falling into the hands of a rising darkness."
"315"	"With their warning about Lord Voldemort's return scoffed at, Harry and Dumbledore are targeted by the Wizard authorities as an authoritarian bureaucrat slowly seizes power at Hogwarts."
"316"	"Set in a future where a failed climate-change experiment kills all life on the planet except for a lucky few who boarded the Snowpiercer, a train that travels around the globe, where a class system emerges."
"317"	"Four waves of increasingly deadly alien attacks have left most of Earth decimated. Cassie is on the run, desperately trying to save her younger brother."
"318"	"When his home of New Eden is destroyed by a revitalized Brotherhood and its new Vamp leader, Martin finds himself alone in the badlands of America with only the distant memory of his mentor and legendary vampire hunter, Mister, to guide him."
"319"	"Two siblings become increasingly frightened by their grandparents' disturbing behavior while visiting them on vacation."
"320"	"Dominic Toretto and his crew of street racers plan a massive heist to buy their freedom while in the sights of a powerful Brazilian drug lord and a dangerous federal agent."
"321"	"Tyler Gage receives the opportunity of a lifetime after vandalizing a performing arts school, gaining him the chance to earn a scholarship and dance with an up and coming dancer, Nora."
"322"	"The relationship between two friends deepens during an impromptu road trip."
"323"	"In London, a real-estate scam puts millions of pounds up for grabs, attracting some of the city's scrappiest tough guys and its more established underworld types, all of whom are looking to get rich quick. While the city's seasoned criminals vie for the cash, an unexpected player -- a drugged-out rock 'n' roller presumed to be dead but very much alive -- has a multi-million-dollar prize fall into... See full summary »"
"324"	"In a future where people stop aging at 25, but are engineered to live only one more year, having the means to buy your way out of the situation is a shot at immortal youth. Here, Will Salas finds himself accused of murder and on the run with a hostage - a connection that becomes an important part of the way against the system."
"325"	"Harvard student Mark Zuckerberg creates the social networking site that would become known as Facebook, but is later sued by two brothers who claimed he stole their idea, and the co-founder who was later squeezed out of the business."
"326"	"The last witch hunter is all that stands between humanity and the combined forces of the most horrifying witches in history."
"327"	"Told from Igor's perspective, we see the troubled young assistant's dark origins, his redemptive friendship with the young medical student Viktor Von Frankenstein, and become eyewitnesses to the emergence of how Frankenstein became the man - and the legend - we know today."
"328"	"Based on the international best selling book. The true feel good story of how James Bowen, a busker and recovering drug addict, had his life transformed when he met a stray ginger cat."
"329"	"A punk rock band is forced to fight for survival after witnessing a murder at a neo-Nazi skinhead bar."
"330"	"A furloughed convict and his American and Chinese partners hunt a high-level cybercrime network from Chicago to Los Angeles to Hong Kong to Jakarta."
"331"	"Storks have moved on from delivering babies to packages. But when an order for a baby appears, the best delivery stork must scramble to fix the error by delivering the baby."
"332"	"Navy S.E.A.L. sniper Chris Kyle's pinpoint accuracy saves countless lives on the battlefield and turns him into a legend. Back home to his wife and kids after four tours of duty, however, Chris finds that it is the war he can't leave behind."
"333"	"In 1985 Dallas, electrician and hustler Ron Woodroof works around the system to help AIDS patients get the medication they need after he is diagnosed with the disease."
"334"	"As the War continues to rage, America's president struggles with continuing carnage on the battlefield as he fights with many inside his own cabinet on the decision to emancipate the slaves."
"335"	"The merciless 1970s rivalry between Formula One rivals James Hunt and Niki Lauda."
"336"	"A young couple adopt an orphaned child whose dreams - and nightmares - manifest physically as he sleeps."
"337"	"After a stint in a mental institution, former teacher Pat Solitano moves back in with his parents and tries to reconcile with his ex-wife. Things get more challenging when Pat meets Tiffany, a mysterious girl with problems of her own."
"338"	"A young, talented, and lonely long-distance runner twists her ankle as she prepares for the Olympic Trials and must do something she's never done before: take a day off."
"339"	"Two teenage cancer patients begin a life-affirming journey to visit a reclusive author in Amsterdam."
"340"	"After a bad blind date, a man and woman find themselves stuck together at a resort for families, where their attraction grows as their respective kids benefit from the burgeoning relationship."
"341"	"Brian O'Conner, back working for the FBI in Los Angeles, teams up with Dominic Toretto to bring down a heroin importer by infiltrating his operation."
"342"	"In 2074, when the mob wants to get rid of someone, the target is sent into the past, where a hired gun awaits - someone like Joe - who one day learns the mob wants to 'close the loop' by sending back Joe's future self for assassination."
"343"	"While on a tour of the White House with his young daughter, a Capitol policeman springs into action to save his child and protect the president from a heavily armed group of paramilitary invaders."
"344"	"The adventures of an orphaned boy named Pete and his best friend Elliot, who just so happens to be a dragon."
"345"	"A strange black entity from another world bonds with Peter Parker and causes inner turmoil as he contends with new villains, temptations, and revenge."
"346"	"The hot-headed young D'Artagnan along with three former legendary but now down on their luck Musketeers must unite and defeat a beautiful double agent and her villainous employer from seizing the French throne and engulfing Europe in war."
"347"	"In a countryside town bordering on a magical land, a young man makes a promise to his beloved that he'll retrieve a fallen star by venturing into the magical realm."
"348"	"A con man, Irving Rosenfeld, along with his seductive partner Sydney Prosser, is forced to work for a wild FBI agent, Richie DiMaso, who pushes them into a world of Jersey powerbrokers and mafia."
"349"	"A newly possessed high school cheerleader turns into a succubus who specializes in killing her male classmates. Can her best friend put an end to the horror?"
"350"	"While on a trip to Paris with his fiancée's family, a nostalgic screenwriter finds himself mysteriously going back to the 1920s everyday at midnight."
"351"	"Set in 19th century rural England, young bride who has been sold into marriage to a middle-aged man discovers an unstoppable desire within herself as she enters into an affair with a work on her estate."
"352"	"Joy is the story of the title character, who rose to become founder and matriarch of a powerful family business dynasty."
"353"	"A glamorous woman returns to her small town in rural Australia. With her sewing machine and haute couture style, she transforms the women and exacts sweet revenge on those who did her wrong."
"354"	"In the 1930s, a Bronx native moves to Hollywood and falls in love with a young woman who is seeing a married man."
"355"	"Beatrice Prior must confront her inner demons and continue her fight against a powerful alliance which threatens to tear her society apart with the help from others on her side."
"356"	"When Mother Malkin, the queen of evil witches, escapes the pit she was imprisoned in by professional monster hunter Spook decades ago and kills his apprentice, he recruits young Tom, the seventh son of the seventh son, to help him."
"357"	"Samuel parties hard in the Marseille area of France and is awoken one morning by a woman carrying a baby she claims is his. She drives off leaving him with a wailing infant; he gives chase ... See full summary »"
"358"	"A look at the relationship between the famous physicist Stephen Hawking and his wife."
"359"	"While attending a party at James Franco's house, Seth Rogen, Jay Baruchel and many other celebrities are faced with the Biblical Apocalypse."
"360"	"At the age of 21, Tim discovers he can travel in time and change what happens and has happened in his own life. His decision to make his world a better place by getting a girlfriend turns out not to be as easy as you might think."
"361"	"Two aimless middle-aged losers still living at home are forced against their will to become roommates when their parents marry."
"362"	"A loving father finds a clown suit for his son's birthday party, only to realize that it is not a suit at all."
"363"	"After the crew of the Enterprise find an unstoppable force of terror from within their own organization, Captain Kirk leads a manhunt to a war-zone world to capture a one-man weapon of mass destruction."
"364"	"A shy student trying to reach his family in Ohio, a gun-toting tough guy trying to find the last Twinkie, and a pair of sisters trying to get to an amusement park join forces to travel across a zombie-filled America."
"365"	"A Hollywood fixer in the 1950s works to keep the studio's stars in line."
"366"	"A Mumbai teen reflects on his upbringing in the slums when he is accused of cheating on the Indian Version of \"Who Wants to be a Millionaire?\""
"367"	"After the birth of Renesmee, the Cullens gather other vampire clans in order to protect the child from a false allegation that puts the family in front of the Volturi."
"368"	"In 1980, a teenage boy escapes the unrest in Iran only to face more hostility in America, due to the hostage crisis. Determined to fit in, he joins the school's floundering wrestling team."
"369"	"After Peter Parker is bitten by a genetically altered spider, he gains newfound, spider-like powers and ventures out to solve the mystery of his parent's mysterious death."
"370"	"Judah Ben-Hur, a prince falsely accused of treason by his adopted brother, an officer in the Roman army, returns to his homeland after years at sea to seek revenge, but finds redemption."
"371"	"A young street magician (Jacob Latimore) is left to care for his little sister after their parents passing, and turns to illegal activities to keep a roof over their heads. When he gets in ... See full summary »"
"372"	"Thomas is deposited in a community of boys after his memory is erased, soon learning they're all trapped in a maze that will require him to join forces with fellow \"runners\" for a shot at escape."
"373"	"In a last-ditch effort to stop a diabolical plot, a dead CIA operative's memories, secrets, and skills are implanted into a death-row inmate in hopes that he will complete the operative's mission."
"374"	"A frustrated office worker learns that he is the son of a professional assassin, and that he shares his father's superhuman killing abilities."
"375"	"The story of Florence Foster Jenkins, a New York heiress who dreamed of becoming an opera singer, despite having a terrible singing voice."
"376"	"An American backpacker gets involved with a ring of drug smugglers as their driver, though he winds up on the run from his employers across Cologne high-speed Autobahn."
"377"	"The true story of Whitey Bulger, the brother of a state senator and the most infamous violent criminal in the history of South Boston, who became an FBI informant to take down a Mafia family invading his turf."
"378"	"The former World Heavyweight Champion Rocky Balboa serves as a trainer and mentor to Adonis Johnson, the son of his late friend and former rival Apollo Creed."
"379"	"A hopeless man stranded on a deserted island befriends a dead body and together they go on a surreal journey to get home."
"380"	"Barney augments his team with new blood for a personal battle: to take down Conrad Stonebanks, the Expendables co-founder and notorious arms trader who is hell bent on wiping out Barney and every single one of his associates."
"381"	"A documentary team films the lives of a group of vampires for a few months. The vampires share a house in Wellington, New Zealand. Turns out vampires have their own domestic problems too."
"382"	"Boxer Billy Hope turns to trainer Tick Wills to help him get his life back on track after losing his wife in a tragic accident and his daughter to child protection services."
"383"	"A deaf writer who retreated into the woods to live a solitary life must fight for her life in silence when a masked killer appears at her window."
"384"	"During the Cold War, an American lawyer is recruited to defend an arrested Soviet spy in court, and then help the CIA facilitate an exchange of the spy for the Soviet captured American U2 spy plane pilot, Francis Gary Powers."
"385"	"An ordinary Lego construction worker, thought to be the prophesied 'Special', is recruited to join a quest to stop an evil tyrant from gluing the Lego universe into eternal stasis."
"386"	"The story of New Zealand's Robert \"Rob\" Edwin Hall, who on May 10, 1996, together with Scott Fischer, teamed up on a joint expedition to ascend Mount Everest."
"387"	"When aliens misinterpret video feeds of classic arcade games as a declaration of war, they attack the Earth in the form of the video games."
"388"	"In 12th century England, Robin and his band of marauders confront corruption in a local village and lead an uprising against the crown that will forever alter the balance of world power."
"389"	"When Wolverine is summoned to Japan by an old acquaintance, he is embroiled in a conflict that forces him to confront his own demons."
"390"	"Transported to Barsoom, a Civil War vet discovers a barren planet seemingly inhabited by 12-foot tall barbarians. Finding himself prisoner of these creatures, he escapes, only to encounter Woola and a princess in desperate need of a savior."
"391"	"When an L.A. drug kingpin's kitten unexpectedly enters the life of two cousins, they will have to go through gangs, hitmen and drug dealers who claim him in order to get him back."
"392"	"A sniper on a mercenary assassination team, kills the minister of mines of the Congo. Terrier's successful kill shot forces him into hiding. Returning to the Congo years later, he becomes the target of a hit squad himself."
"393"	"Steve Jobs takes us behind the scenes of the digital revolution, to paint a portrait of the man at its epicenter. The story unfolds backstage at three iconic product launches, ending in 1998 with the unveiling of the iMac."
"394"	"Scottish islanders try to plunder cases of whisky from a stranded ship."
"395"	"After moving his family back to his hometown to be with his friends and their kids, Lenny finds out that between old bullies, new bullies, schizo bus drivers, drunk cops on skis, and 400 costumed party crashers sometimes crazy follows you."
"396"	"A young woman, born at the turn of the 20th century, is rendered ageless after an accident. After many solitary years, she meets a man who complicates the eternal life she has settled into."
"397"	"Bruce Banner, a scientist on the run from the U.S. Government, must find a cure for the monster he emerges whenever he loses his temper."
"398"	"A comedy centered around four couples who settle into a tropical-island resort for a vacation. While one of the couples is there to work on the marriage, the others fail to realize that participation in the resort's therapy sessions is not optional."
"399"	"A group of eccentric aliens confer a human being with the power to do absolutely anything, as an experiment."
"400"	"A male stripper teaches a younger performer how to party, pick up women, and make easy money."
"401"	"Minions Stuart, Kevin and Bob are recruited by Scarlet Overkill, a super-villain who, alongside her inventor husband Herb, hatches a plot to take over the world."
"402"	"PAUL and JENNIFER HEMDALE have just moved into their dream house. But their happy marriage is about to be put to the test as they slowly discover the secret behind the black room in the ... See full summary »"
"403"	"A young man who was sentenced to seven years in prison for robbing a post office ends up spending three decades in solitary confinement. During this time, his own personality is supplanted by his alter-ego, Charles Bronson."
"404"	"When a criminal mastermind uses a trio of orphan girls as pawns for a grand scheme, he finds their love is profoundly changing him for the better."
"405"	"A pair of former high school sweethearts reunite after many years when they return to visit their small hometown."
"406"	"While attending a dinner party at his former home, a man thinks his ex-wife and her new husband have sinister intentions for their guests."
"407"	"A chronicle of the decade-long hunt for al-Qaeda terrorist leader Osama bin Laden after the September 2001 attacks, and his death at the hands of the Navy S.E.A.L.s Team 6 in May 2011."
"408"	"The magically long-haired Rapunzel has spent her entire life in a tower, but now that a runaway thief has stumbled upon her, she is about to discover the world for the first time, and who she really is."
"409"	"As the war of Panem escalates to the destruction of other districts, Katniss Everdeen, the reluctant leader of the rebellion, must bring together an army against President Snow, while all she holds dear hangs in the balance."
"410"	"Rusty Griswold takes his own family on a road trip to \"Walley World\" in order to spice things up with his wife and reconnect with his sons."
"411"	"A retired CIA agent travels across Europe and relies on his old skills to save his estranged daughter, who has been kidnapped while on a trip to Paris."
"412"	"After a humiliating command performance at The Kennedy Center, the Barden Bellas enter an international competition that no American group has ever won in order to regain their status and right to perform."
"413"	"A look at the relationship between Mike and Sulley during their days at Monsters University -- when they weren't necessarily the best of friends."
"414"	"A successful businesswoman gets caught up in a game of cat and mouse as she tracks down the unknown man who raped her."
"415"	"Arthur Bishop thought he had put his murderous past behind him, until his most formidable foe kidnaps the love of his life. Now he is forced to travel the globe to complete three impossible assassinations, and do what he does best: make them look like accidents."
"416"	"When podcaster Wallace Bryton goes missing in the backwoods of Manitoba while interviewing a mysterious seafarer named Howard Howe, his best friend Teddy and girlfriend Allison team with an ex-cop to look for him."
"417"	"A headhunter whose life revolves around closing deals in a a survival-of-the-fittest boiler room, battles his top rival for control of their job placement company -- his dream of owning the company clashing with the needs of his family."
"418"	"Fledgling writer Briony Tallis, as a thirteen-year-old, irrevocably changes the course of several lives when she accuses her older sister's lover of a crime he did not commit."
"419"	"As Harry races against time and evil to destroy the Horcruxes, he uncovers the existence of three most powerful objects in the wizarding world: the Deathly Hallows."
"420"	"A man's carefully cultivated private life is disrupted when his sister arrives for an indefinite stay."
"421"	"A sixteen-year-old girl who was raised by her father to be the perfect assassin is dispatched on a mission across Europe, tracked by a ruthless intelligence agent and her operatives."
"422"	"A teenager turns her babysitting service into a call-girl service for married guys after fooling around with one of her customers."
"423"	"Five sisters in 19th century England must cope with the pressures to marry while protecting themselves from a growing population of zombies."
"424"	"Greek general Themistokles leads the charge against invading Persian forces led by mortal-turned-god Xerxes and Artemisia, vengeful commander of the Persian navy."
"425"	"In London for the Prime Minister's funeral, Mike Banning discovers a plot to assassinate all the attending world leaders."
"426"	"Tells the story of Benjamin Button, a man who starts aging backwards with bizarre consequences."
"427"	"Some of Sin City's most hard-boiled citizens cross paths with a few of its more reviled inhabitants."
"428"	"Jason Bourne dodges a ruthless CIA official and his agents from a new assassination program while searching for the origins of his life as a trained killer."
"429"	"An aging porn star agrees to participate in an \"art film\" in order to make a clean break from the business, only to discover that he has been drafted into making a pedophilia and necrophilia themed snuff film."
"430"	"Former Police Sergeant Barnes becomes head of security for Senator Charlie Roan, a Presidential candidate targeted for death on Purge night due to her vow to eliminate the Purge."
"431"	"Two friends are searching for their long lost companion. They revisit their college days and recall the memories of their friend who inspired them to think differently, even as the rest of the world called them \"idiots\"."
"432"	"Derek and Hansel are lured into modeling again, in Rome, where they find themselves the target of a sinister conspiracy."
"433"	"Former United Nations employee Gerry Lane traverses the world in a race against time to stop the Zombie pandemic that is toppling armies and governments, and threatening to destroy humanity itself."
"434"	"The IMF is shut down when it's implicated in the bombing of the Kremlin, causing Ethan Hunt and his new team to go rogue to clear their organization's name."
"435"	"A cerebral revenge film about two adopted siblings who fall in love, and hatch a plan to kill their abusive father."
"436"	"A corrupt, junkie cop with bipolar disorder attempts to manipulate his way through a promotion in order to win back his wife and daughter while also fighting his own borderline-fueled inner demons."
"437"	"The lives of a young couple intertwine with a much older man, as he reflects back on a past love."
"438"	"The story of a tourist family in Thailand caught in the destruction and chaotic aftermath of the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami."
"439"	"Following Kick-Ass' heroics, other citizens are inspired to become masked crusaders. But the Red Mist leads his own group of evil supervillains to kill Kick-Ass and destroy everything for which he stands."
"440"	"A successful singer-songwriter hatches a plan to help his friend's struggling comedy career and broken love life by hiring him as his opening act on his solo tour."
"441"	"A frustrated circus magician from Kansas is transported to a magical land called Oz, where he will have to fulfill a prophecy to become the king, and release the land from the Wicked Witches using his great (but fake) powers."
"442"	"An Irish immigrant lands in 1950s Brooklyn, where she quickly falls into a romance with a local. When her past catches up with her, however, she must choose between two countries and the lives that exist within."
"443"	"An adventurous girl finds another world that is a strangely idealized version of her frustrating home, but it has sinister secrets."
"444"	"The relationship of a contemporary married couple, charting their evolution over a span of years by cross-cutting between time periods."
"445"	"\"The Thinning\" takes place in a post-apocalyptic future where population control is dictated by a high-school aptitude test. When two students (Logan Paul and Peyton List) discover the test... See full summary »"
"446"	"A woman, Rose, goes in search for her adopted daughter within the confines of a strange, desolate town called Silent Hill."
"447"	"In a violent, futuristic city where the police have the authority to act as judge, jury and executioner, a cop teams with a trainee to take down a gang that deals the reality-altering drug, SLO-MO."
"448"	"A national manhunt is ordered for a rebellious kid and his foster uncle who go missing in the wild New Zealand bush."
"449"	"The special bond that develops between plus-sized inflatable robot Baymax, and prodigy Hiro Hamada, who team up with a group of friends to form a band of high-tech heroes."
"450"	"A shy girl, outcasted by her peers and sheltered by her religious mother, unleashes telekinetic terror on her small town after being pushed too far at her senior prom."
"451"	"With the world now aware of his identity as Iron Man, Tony Stark must contend with both his declining health and a vengeful mad man with ties to his father's legacy."
"452"	"A successful investment banker struggles after losing his wife in a tragic car crash. With the help of a customer service rep and her young son, he starts to rebuild, beginning with the demolition of the life he once knew."
"453"	"A pair of crew members aboard a spaceship wake up with no knowledge of their mission or their identities."
"454"	"Disgraced Secret Service agent (and former presidential guard) Mike Banning finds himself trapped inside the White House in the wake of a terrorist attack; using his inside knowledge, Banning works with national security to rescue the President from his kidnappers."
"455"	"Aliens and their Guardians are hiding on Earth from intergalactic bounty hunters. They can only be killed in numerical order, and Number Four is next on the list. This is his story."
"456"	"A teacher lives a lonely life, all the while struggling over his son's custody. His life slowly gets better as he finds love and receives good news from his son, but his new luck is about to be brutally shattered by an innocent little lie."
"457"	"A pushy boss forces her young assistant to marry her in order to keep her visa status in the U.S. and avoid deportation to Canada."
"458"	"When millionaire James King is jailed for fraud and bound for San Quentin, he turns to Darnell Lewis to prep him to go behind bars."
"459"	"On a weekend trip to Hawaii, a plastic surgeon convinces his loyal assistant to pose as his soon-to-be-divorced wife in order to cover up a careless lie he told to his much-younger girlfriend."
"460"	"A young couple living in a Connecticut suburb during the mid-1950s struggle to come to terms with their personal problems while trying to raise their two children."
"461"	"As he plans his next job, a longtime thief tries to balance his feelings for a bank manager connected to one of his earlier heists, as well as the FBI agent looking to bring him and his crew down."
"462"	"An American nanny is shocked that her new English family's boy is actually a life-sized doll. After she violates a list of strict rules, disturbing events make her believe that the doll is really alive."
"463"	"Acclaimed writer and historian Deborah E. Lipstadt must battle for historical truth to prove the Holocaust actually occurred when David Irving, a renowned denier, sues her for libel."
"464"	"For his final assignment, a top temporal agent must pursue the one criminal that has eluded him throughout time. The chase turns into a unique, surprising and mind-bending exploration of love, fate, identity and time travel taboos."
"465"	"A teenager teams up with the daughter of young adult horror author R. L. Stine after the writer's imaginary demons are set free on the town of Madison, Delaware."
"466"	"Sherlock Holmes and his sidekick Dr. Watson join forces to outwit and bring down their fiercest adversary, Professor Moriarty."
"467"	"A CIA agent goes on the run after a defector accuses her of being a Russian spy."
"468"	"A man seeks out his exact look-alike after spotting him in a movie."
"469"	"An extraterrestrial race forced to live in slum-like conditions on Earth suddenly finds a kindred spirit in a government agent who is exposed to their biotechnology."
"470"	"Two mismatched New York City detectives seize an opportunity to step up like the city's top cops whom they idolize -- only things don't quite go as planned."
"471"	"In 1970s America, a detective works to bring down the drug empire of Frank Lucas, a heroin kingpin from Manhattan, who is smuggling the drug into the country from the Far East."
"472"	"The retelling of France's iconic but ill-fated queen, Marie Antoinette. From her betrothal and marriage to Louis XVI at 15 to her reign as queen at 19 and to the end of her reign as queen, and ultimately the fall of Versailles."
"473"	"A frustrated writer struggles to keep his family alive when a series of global catastrophes threatens to annihilate mankind."
"474"	"As Harry Potter begins his sixth year at Hogwarts, he discovers an old book marked as \"the property of the Half-Blood Prince\" and begins to learn more about Lord Voldemort's dark past."
"475"	"Acting under the cover of a Hollywood producer scouting a location for a science fiction film, a CIA agent launches a dangerous operation to rescue six Americans in Tehran during the U.S. hostage crisis in Iran in 1980."
"476"	"The story of Eddie Edwards, the notoriously tenacious British underdog ski jumper who charmed the world at the 1988 Winter Olympics."
"477"	"In 1984 East Berlin, an agent of the secret police, conducting surveillance on a writer and his lover, finds himself becoming increasingly absorbed by their lives."
"478"	"A psychological thriller about a man who bumps into an old crush and subsequently becomes obsessed with her, leading him to hold her captive underneath the animal shelter where he works. ... See full summary »"
"479"	"A young woman attempts to deal with the death of her boyfriend while continuously confronted by his mentally unstable mother."
"480"	"Macbeth, the Thane of Glamis, receives a prophecy from a trio of witches that one day he will become King of Scotland. Consumed by ambition and spurred to action by his wife, Macbeth murders his king and takes the throne for himself."
"481"	"Devastated Peter takes a Hawaiian vacation in order to deal with the recent break-up with his TV star girlfriend, Sarah. Little does he know, Sarah's traveling to the same resort as her ex - and she's bringing along her new boyfriend."
"482"	"In a seemingly perfect community, without war, pain, suffering, differences or choice, a young boy is chosen to learn from an elderly man about the true pain and pleasure of the \"real\" world."
"483"	"A gang of criminals and corrupt cops plan the murder of a police officer in order to pull off their biggest heist yet across town."
"484"	"Seven long-time friends get together for a dinner. When they decide to share with each other the content of every text message, email and phone call they receive, many secrets start to unveil and the equilibrium trembles."
"485"	"Find out why the birds are so angry. When an island populated by happy, flightless birds is visited by mysterious green piggies, it's up to three unlikely outcasts - Red, Chuck and Bomb - to figure out what the pigs are up to."
"486"	"A pair of young lovers flee their New England town, which causes a local search party to fan out to find them."
"487"	"Pleasantly plump teenager Tracy Turnblad teaches 1962 Baltimore a thing or two about integration after landing a spot on a local TV dance show."
"488"	"A young woman with a mysterious past lands in Southport, North Carolina where her bond with a widower forces her to confront the dark secret that haunts her."
"489"	"In the midst of veteran con man Nicky's latest scheme, a woman from his past - now an accomplished femme fatale - shows up and throws his plans for a loop."
"490"	"A rat who can cook makes an unusual alliance with a young kitchen worker at a famous restaurant."
"491"	"Martin was a normal teenage boy before the country collapsed in an empty pit of economic and political disaster. A vampire epidemic has swept across what is left of the nation's abandoned ... See full summary »"
"492"	"A post-apocalyptic tale, in which a lone man fights his way across America in order to protect a sacred book that holds the secrets to saving humankind."
"493"	"A group of friends venture deep into the streets of New York on a rescue mission during a rampaging monster attack."
"494"	"A young FBI agent infiltrates an extraordinary team of extreme sports athletes he suspects of masterminding a string of unprecedented, sophisticated corporate heists."
"495"	"A mysterious young woman seduces lonely men in the evening hours in Scotland. However, events lead her to begin a process of self-discovery."
"496"	"Years after a plague kills most of humanity and transforms the rest into monsters, the sole survivor in New York City struggles valiantly to find a cure."
"497"	"Agent J travels in time to M.I.B.'s early days in 1969 to stop an alien from assassinating his friend Agent K and changing history."
"498"	"During the summer of 1979, a group of friends witness a train crash and investigate subsequent unexplained events in their small town."
"499"	"A frustrated man decides to take justice into his own hands after a plea bargain sets one of his family's killers free. He targets not only the killer but also the district attorney and others involved in the deal."
"500"	"Seventy-eight year old Carl Fredricksen travels to Paradise Falls in his home equipped with balloons, inadvertently taking a young stowaway."
"501"	"After having escaped the Maze, the Gladers now face a new set of challenges on the open roads of a desolate landscape filled with unimaginable obstacles."
"502"	"An aspiring photographer develops an intimate relationship with an older woman in 1950s New York."
"503"	"A young FBI agent, eager to prove himself in the field, goes undercover as a white supremacist."
"504"	"A retired orchestra conductor is on holiday with his daughter and his film director best friend in the Alps when he receives an invitation from Queen Elizabeth II to perform for Prince Philip's birthday."
"505"	"A boy stands on a station platform as a train is about to leave. Should he go with his mother or stay with his father? Infinite possibilities arise from this decision. As long as he doesn't choose, anything is possible."
"506"	"In the teeming, multicultural metropolis of modern-day London, a seemingly straightforward missing-person case launches a down-at-heel private eye into a dangerous world of religious fanaticism and political intrigue."
"507"	"Pot growers Ben and Chon face off against the Mexican drug cartel who kidnapped their shared girlfriend."
"508"	"An offbeat romantic comedy about a woman who doesn't believe true love exists, and the young man who falls for her."
"509"	"A series of interconnected short films follows a washed-up producer as he pitches insane story lines featuring some of the biggest stars in Hollywood."
"510"	"Two astronauts work together to survive after an accident which leaves them alone in space."
"511"	"Set during WWII, a story seen through the innocent eyes of Bruno, the eight-year-old son of the commandant at a German concentration camp, whose forbidden friendship with a Jewish boy on the other side of the camp fence has startling and unexpected consequences."
"512"	"A marksman living in exile is coaxed back into action after learning of a plot to kill the President. Ultimately double-crossed and framed for the attempt, he goes on the run to find the real killer and the reason he was set up."
"513"	"A science teacher, his wife, and a young girl struggle to survive a plague that causes those infected to commit suicide."
"514"	"Four men set out in the Wild West to rescue a group of captives from cannibalistic cave dwellers."
"515"	"Three years after Mike bowed out of the stripper life at the top of his game, he and the remaining Kings of Tampa hit the road to Myrtle Beach to put on one last blow-out performance."
"516"	"A clean-cut high school student relies on the school's rumor mill to advance her social and financial standing."
"517"	"The defiant leader Moses rises up against the Egyptian Pharaoh Ramses, setting 600,000 slaves on a monumental journey of escape from Egypt and its terrifying cycle of deadly plagues."
"518"	"In the near future, crime is patrolled by a mechanized police force. When one police droid, Chappie, is stolen and given new programming, he becomes the first robot with the ability to think and feel for himself."
"519"	"The dwarves, along with Bilbo Baggins and Gandalf the Grey, continue their quest to reclaim Erebor, their homeland, from Smaug. Bilbo Baggins is in possession of a mysterious and magical ring."
"520"	"Sisters Olanna and Kainene return home to 1960s Nigeria, where they soon diverge on different paths. As civil war breaks out, political events loom larger than their differences as they join the fight to establish an independent republic."
"521"	"Based on the extraordinary true story of Operation Anthropoid, the WWII mission to assassinate SS General Reinhard Heydrich, the main architect behind the Final Solution and the Reich's third in command after Hitler and Himmler."
"522"	"A lawyer finds himself in over his head when he gets involved in drug trafficking."
"523"	"Kievan Rus, late 10th century. After the death of his father, the young Viking prince Vladimir of Novgorod is forced into exile across the frozen sea."
"524"	"A journalist recounts her wartime coverage in Afghanistan."
"525"	"A teenage girl is targeted by an online sexual predator."
"526"	"Young, up-and-coming martial artist, Bruce Lee, challenges legendary kung fu master Wong Jack Man to a no-holds-barred fight in Northern California."
"527"	"In the year 2154, the very wealthy live on a man-made space station while the rest of the population resides on a ruined Earth. A man takes on a mission that could bring equality to the polarized worlds."
"528"	"A group of student activists travels to the Amazon to save the rain forest and soon discover that they are not alone, and that no good deed goes unpunished."
"529"	"The world is beset by the appearance of monstrous creatures, but one of them may be the only one who can save humanity."
"530"	"An expansion of the universe from Robert Ludlum's novels, centered on a new hero whose stakes have been triggered by the events of the previous three films."
"531"	"A British investment broker inherits his uncle's chateau and vineyard in Provence, where he spent much of his childhood. He discovers a new laid-back lifestyle as he tries to renovate the estate to be sold."
"532"	"When a college student unfriends a mysterious girl online, she finds herself fighting a demonic presence that wants to make her lonely by killing her closest friends."
"533"	"After a ferry is bombed in New Orleans, an A.T.F. agent joins a unique investigation using experimental surveillance technology to find the bomber, but soon finds himself becoming obsessed with one of the victims."
"534"	"A woman, accidentally caught in a dark deal, turns the tables on her captors and transforms into a merciless warrior evolved beyond human logic."
"535"	"The story of American poet Emily Dickinson from her early days as a young schoolgirl to her later years as a reclusive, unrecognized artist."
"536"	"Fresh from prison, a street racer who was framed by a wealthy business associate joins a cross country race with revenge in mind. His ex-partner, learning of the plan, places a massive bounty on his head as the race begins."
"537"	"A homicide investigator digs deeper into a case involving a trained military sniper who shot five random victims."
"538"	"Two down-on-their-luck guys decide to fake their own deaths and start over with new identities, only to find the people they're pretending to be are in even deeper trouble."
"539"	"A murder investigation of a slain business man turns to clues found in an author's book about an eerily similar crime. Based on the 2008 article \"True Crimes - A postmodern murder mystery\" by David Grann."
"540"	"An All-American college star and his beauty queen wife watch their seemingly perfect life fall apart as their daughter joins the turmoil of '60s America."
"541"	"A ghostwriter hired to complete the memoirs of a former British prime minister uncovers secrets that put his own life in jeopardy."
"542"	"With the help of a mysterious pill that enables the user to access 100 percent of his brain abilities, a struggling writer becomes a financial wizard, but it also puts him in a new world with lots of dangers."
"543"	"A sci-fi/thriller story centered on a special-ops team that is dispatched to fight supernatural beings."
"544"	"A young widow discovers that her late husband has left her 10 messages intended to help ease her pain and start a new life."
"545"	"A successful family man with a blossoming political career loses all sense of morality when he becomes addicted to using an escort agency."
"546"	"A father and son go on the run, pursued by the government and a cult drawn to the child's special powers."
"547"	"When a member of a popular New York City improv troupe gets a huge break, the rest of the group - all best friends - start to realize that not everyone is going to make it after all."
"548"	"Nineteen-year-old Alice returns to the magical world from her childhood adventure, where she reunites with her old friends and learns of her true destiny: to end the Red Queen's reign of terror."
"549"	"A drama inspired by the life of heavyweight boxer Chuck Wepner."
"550"	"After having suffered a heart-attack, a 59-year-old carpenter must fight the bureaucratic forces of the system in order to receive Employment and Support Allowance."
"551"	"In a bid to keep their luxurious condo from their significant other, a couple's break-up proceeds to get uglier and nastier by the moment."
"552"	"The story of Richard and Mildred Loving, a couple whose arrest for interracial marriage in 1960s Virginia began a legal battle that would end with the Supreme Court's historic 1967 decision."
"553"	"Four young outsiders teleport to an alternate and dangerous universe which alters their physical form in shocking ways. The four must learn to harness their new abilities and work together to save Earth from a former friend turned enemy."
"554"	"In a time of starvation, a survivalist lives off a small plot of land hidden deep in forest. When two women seeking food and shelter discover his farm, he finds his existence threatened."
"555"	"A young woman's desperate search for her abducted boyfriend that draws her into the infamous Colonia Dignidad, a sect nobody has ever escaped from."
"556"	"A woman, separated from her unfaithful husband, falls for a younger man who has moved in next door, but their torrid affair soon takes a dangerous turn."
"557"	"A young married couple's lives are thrown into a harrowing tailspin when an acquaintance from the husband's past brings mysterious gifts and a horrifying secret to light after more than 20 years."
"558"	"As his kingdom is being threatened by the Turks, young prince Vlad Tepes must become a monster feared by his own people in order to obtain the power needed to protect his own family, and the families of his kingdom."
"559"	"A recounting of a New England whaling ship's sinking by a giant whale in 1820, an experience that later inspired the great novel Moby-Dick."
"560"	"Private Joe Bauers, the definition of \"average American\", is selected by the Pentagon to be the guinea pig for a top-secret hibernation program. Forgotten, he awakes five centuries in the future. He discovers a society so incredibly dumbed down that he's easily the most intelligent person alive."
"561"	"A CIA operative hires a team of mercenaries to eliminate a Latin dictator and a renegade CIA agent."
"562"	"Five friends head to a remote cabin, where the discovery of a Book of the Dead leads them to unwittingly summon up demons living in the nearby woods."
"563"	"Washed-up true-crime writer Ellison Oswalt finds a box of super 8 home movies that suggest the murder he is currently researching is the work of a serial killer whose work dates back to the 1960s."
"564"	"A video game villain wants to be a hero and sets out to fulfill his dream, but his quest brings havoc to the whole arcade where he lives."
"565"	"In a twist to the fairy tale, the Huntsman ordered to take Snow White into the woods to be killed winds up becoming her protector and mentor in a quest to vanquish the Evil Queen."
"566"	"12-year-old orphan Peter is spirited away to the magical world of Neverland, where he finds both fun and danger, and ultimately discovers his destiny -- to become the hero who will be forever known as Peter Pan."
"567"	"The Autobots learn of a Cybertronian spacecraft hidden on the moon, and race against the Decepticons to reach it and to learn its secrets."
"568"	"Faced with an unplanned pregnancy, an offbeat young woman makes an unusual decision regarding her unborn child."
"569"	"A failed American sales rep looks to recoup his losses by traveling to Saudi Arabia and selling his company's product to a wealthy monarch."
"570"	"Financial TV host Lee Gates and his producer Patty are put in an extreme situation when an irate investor takes over their studio."
"571"	"After discovering her boyfriend is married, Carly soon meets the wife he's been betraying. And when yet another love affair is discovered, all three women team up to plot revenge on the three-timing S.O.B."
"572"	"A young maiden in a land called Andalasia, who is prepared to be wed, is sent away to New York City by an evil queen, where she falls in love with a lawyer."
"573"	"70-year-old widower Ben Whittaker has discovered that retirement isn't all it's cracked up to be. Seizing an opportunity to get back in the game, he becomes a senior intern at an online fashion site, founded and run by Jules Ostin."
"574"	"A family determined to get their young daughter into the finals of a beauty pageant take a cross-country trip in their VW bus."
"575"	"The inspirational story of World Champion Boxer Vinny Pazienza who, after a near fatal car crash which left him not knowing if he'd ever walk again, made one of sport's most incredible comebacks."
"576"	"Perseus demigod, son of Zeus, battles the minions of the underworld to stop them from conquering heaven and earth."
"577"	"The Coast Guard makes a daring rescue attempt off the coast of Cape Cod after a pair of oil tankers are destroyed during a blizzard in 1952."
"578"	"The son of a virtual world designer goes looking for his father and ends up inside the digital world that his father designed. He meets his father's corrupted creation and a unique ally who was born inside the digital world."
"579"	"Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark become targets of the Capitol after their victory in the 74th Hunger Games sparks a rebellion in the Districts of Panem."
"580"	"Mr. David Marks was suspected but never tried for killing his wife Katie who disappeared in 1982, but the truth is eventually revealed."
"581"	"A kick boxer is out to avenge his brother."
"582"	"Follows the adventures of Aang, a young successor to a long line of Avatars, who must master all four elements and stop the Fire Nation from enslaving the Water Tribes and the Earth Kingdom."
"583"	"A married couple wake up to discover that the sex tape they made the evening before has gone missing, leading to a frantic search for its whereabouts."
"584"	"Follows the lives of five interconnected couples as they experience the thrills and surprises of having a baby, and realize that no matter what you plan for, life does not always deliver what is expected."
"585"	"Oakland A's general manager Billy Beane's successful attempt to assemble a baseball team on a lean budget by employing computer-generated analysis to acquire new players."
"586"	"Stunt motorcyclist Johnny Blaze gives up his soul to become a hellblazing vigilante, to fight against power hungry Blackheart, the son of the devil himself."
"587"	"After a near-fatal plane crash in WWII, Olympian Louis Zamperini spends a harrowing 47 days in a raft with two fellow crewmen before he's caught by the Japanese navy and sent to a prisoner-of-war camp."
"588"	"Theseus is a mortal man chosen by Zeus to lead the fight against the ruthless King Hyperion, who is on a rampage across Greece to obtain a weapon that can destroy humanity."
"589"	"A team of international astronauts are sent on a dangerous mission to reignite the dying Sun with a nuclear fission bomb in 2057."
"590"	"Determined to make her own path in life, Princess Merida defies a custom that brings chaos to her kingdom. Granted one wish, Merida must rely on her bravery and her archery skills to undo a beastly curse."
"591"	"A journalist is aided in his search for a woman who has been missing -- or dead -- for forty years by a young female hacker."
"592"	"A pair of childhood friends and neighbors fall for each other's sons."
"593"	"Bob Saginowski finds himself at the center of a robbery gone awry and entwined in an investigation that digs deep into the neighborhood's past where friends, families, and foes all work together to make a living - no matter the cost."
"594"	"When her brother decides to ditch for a couple weeks, Viola heads over to his elite boarding school, disguised as him, and proceeds to fall for one of his soccer teammates, and soon learns she's not the only one with romantic troubles."
"595"	"Brad Whitaker is a radio host trying to get his stepchildren to love him and call him Dad. But his plans turn upside down when their biological father, Dusty Mayron, returns."
"596"	"A bullied young boy befriends a young female vampire who lives in secrecy with her guardian."
"597"	"A frustrated and conflicted teenager arrives at a new high school to discover an underground fight club and meet a classmate who begins to coerce him into fighting."
"598"	"A new assignment forces a top spy to team up with his football hooligan brother."
"599"	"Astronaut Sam Bell has a quintessentially personal encounter toward the end of his three-year stint on the Moon, where he, working alongside his computer, GERTY, sends back to Earth parcels of a resource that has helped diminish our planet's power problems."
"600"	"The supervillain Megamind finally defeats his nemesis, the superhero Metro Man. But without a hero, he loses all purpose and must find new meaning to his life."
"601"	"It's 1949 Los Angeles, the city is run by gangsters and a malicious mobster, Mickey Cohen. Determined to end the corruption, John O'Mara assembles a team of cops, ready to take down the ruthless leader and restore peace to the city."
"602"	"An ex-con reunites with his estranged wayward 17-year old daughter to protect her from drug dealers who are trying to kill her."
"603"	"The Baltimore-set movie of interconnecting story arcs deals with the challenges of reading or misreading human behavior."
"604"	"Continuing his \"legendary adventures of awesomeness\", Po must face two hugely epic, but different threats: one supernatural and the other a little closer to his home."
"605"	"Two brothers unleash a psychotic reign of terror on their journey to build an empire of unprecedented power in the British Mafia."
"606"	"Ned and Conor are forced to share a bedroom at their boarding school. The loner and the star athlete at this rugby-mad school form an unlikely friendship until it's tested by the authorities."
"607"	"An unflinching Ozark Mountain girl hacks through dangerous social terrain as she hunts down her drug-dealing father while trying to keep her family intact."
"608"	"Three friends conspire to murder their awful bosses when they realize they are standing in the way of their happiness."
"609"	"A widowed single mother, raising her violent son alone, finds new hope when a mysterious neighbor inserts herself into their household."
"610"	"The mythical world starts a rebellion against humanity in order to rule the Earth, so Hellboy and his team must save the world from the rebellious creatures."
"611"	"Ethan longs to escape his small Southern town. He meets a mysterious new girl, Lena. Together, they uncover dark secrets about their respective families, their history and their town."
"612"	"A practical joking father tries to reconnect with his hard working daughter by creating an outrageous alter ego and posing as her CEO's life coach."
"613"	"Centers on a young girl who has been murdered and watches over her family - and her killer - from purgatory. She must weigh her desire for vengeance against her desire for her family to heal."
"614"	"Robert Ford, who's idolized Jesse James since childhood, tries hard to join the reforming gang of the Missouri outlaw, but gradually becomes resentful of the bandit leader."
"615"	"A New Jersey guy dedicated to his family, friends, and church, develops unrealistic expectations from watching porn and works to find happiness and intimacy with his potential true love."
"616"	"A young con artist and an unruly CIA agent embark on an anti-terrorist mission in France."
"617"	"In 2307, a future soldier is sent on a mission to hunt down the leader of the humanoid rebellion."
"618"	"A disillusioned Confederate army deserter returns to Mississippi and leads a militia of fellow deserters, runaway slaves, and women in an uprising against the corrupt local Confederate government."
"619"	"A girl falls for the \"perfect\" guy, who happens to have a very fatal flaw: he's a hitman on the run from the crime cartels who employ him."
"620"	"When his job along with that of his co-worker are threatened, Walter takes action in the real world embarking on a global journey that turns into an adventure more extraordinary than anything he could have ever imagined."
"621"	"Life changes for Malcolm, a geek who's surviving life in a tough neighborhood, after a chance invitation to an underground party leads him and his friends into a Los Angeles adventure."
"622"	"When human forces discover the existence of the Vampire and Lycan clans, a war to eradicate both species commences. The vampire warrior Selene leads the battle against humankind."
"623"	"A grieving couple retreat to their cabin in the woods, hoping to repair their broken hearts and troubled marriage. But nature takes its course and things go from bad to worse."
"624"	"A group of young adults discover a boarded up Camp Crystal Lake, where they soon encounter Jason Voorhees and his deadly intentions."
"625"	"Ex-government operative Bryan Mills is accused of a ruthless murder he never committed or witnessed. As he is tracked and pursued, Mills brings out his particular set of skills to find the true killer and clear his name."
"626"	"A factory worker, Douglas Quaid, begins to suspect that he is a spy after visiting Rekall - a company that provides its clients with implanted fake memories of a life they would like to have led - goes wrong and he finds himself on the run."
"627"	"When a cure is found to treat mutations, lines are drawn amongst the X-Men, led by Professor Charles Xavier, and the Brotherhood, a band of powerful mutants organized under Xavier's former ally, Magneto."
"628"	"Desperate for a good story, a sex-addicted journalist throws himself into the world of high-class escorts when he starts following a Stanford-educated prostitute."
"629"	"A defense attorney works to get his teenage client acquitted of murdering his wealthy father."
"630"	"Larry spans the globe, uniting favorite and new characters while embarking on an epic quest to save the magic before it is gone forever."
"631"	"A young woman suffering from Parkinson's befriends a drug rep working for Pfizer in 1990s Pittsburgh."
"632"	"Dave Skylark and his producer Aaron Rapoport run the celebrity tabloid show \"Skylark Tonight\". When they land an interview with a surprise fan, North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un, they are recruited by the CIA to turn their trip to Pyongyang into an assassination mission."
"633"	"A monster emerges from Seoul's Han River and focuses its attention on attacking people. One victim's loving family does what it can to rescue her from its clutches."
"634"	"Two teenage girls encounter an Internet child predator."
"635"	"In the distant future, a small waste-collecting robot inadvertently embarks on a space journey that will ultimately decide the fate of mankind."
"636"	"For fun-loving party animal Ben Stone, the last thing he ever expected was for his one-night stand to show up on his doorstep eight weeks later to tell him she's pregnant with his child."
"637"	"A soldier wakes up in someone else's body and discovers he's part of an experimental government program to find the bomber of a commuter train. A mission he has only 8 minutes to complete."
"638"	"Set in Depression-era Franklin County, Virginia, a trio of bootlegging brothers are threatened by a new special deputy and other authorities angling for a cut of their profits."
"639"	"A group of online chat room friends find themselves haunted by a mysterious, supernatural force using the account of their dead friend."
"640"	"Jim, Michelle, Stifler, and their friends reunite in East Great Falls, Michigan for their high school reunion."
"641"	"A struggling salesman takes custody of his son as he's poised to begin a life-changing professional career."
"642"	"Six short stories that explore the extremities of human behavior involving people in distress."
"643"	"An outlaw who was raised by Native Americans discovers that he has five half-brothers; together the men go on a mission to find their wayward, deadbeat dad."
"644"	"In the aftermath of WWI, a young German who grieves the death of her fiancé in France meets a mysterious Frenchman who visits the fiancé's grave to lay flowers."
"645"	"Following the outbreak of a virus that wipes out the majority of the human population, a young woman documents her family's new life in quarantine and tries to protect her infected sister."
"646"	"Disgruntled Korean War veteran Walt Kowalski sets out to reform his neighbor, a Hmong teenager who tried to steal Kowalski's prized possession: a 1972 Gran Torino."
"647"	"Adam Jones (Bradley Cooper) is a chef who destroyed his career with drugs and diva behavior. He cleans up and returns to London, determined to redeem himself by spearheading a top restaurant that can gain three Michelin stars."
"648"	"A challenged man is stalked by tall phantoms in business suits after he purchases a car with a mysterious black credit card."
"649"	"A haunting portrait of Lucy, a young university student drawn into a mysterious hidden world of unspoken desires."
"650"	"Rose Hathaway is a Dhampir, half human-half vampire, a guardian of the Moroi, peaceful, mortal vampires living discreetly within our world. Her calling is to protect the Moroi from bloodthirsty, immortal Vampires, the Strigoi."
"651"	"The infamous story of Benjamin Barker, a.k.a. Sweeney Todd, who sets up a barber shop down in London which is the basis for a sinister partnership with his fellow tenant, Mrs. Lovett. Based on the hit Broadway musical."
"652"	"A psychic works with the FBI in order to hunt down a serial killer."
"653"	"A family looks to prevent evil spirits from trapping their comatose child in a realm called The Further."
"654"	"When it becomes clear that his solo album is a failure, a former boy band member does everything in his power to maintain his celebrity status."
"655"	"Somerset, October 2014. When Clover Catto (Ellie Kendrick) receives a call telling her that her younger brother Harry (Joe Blakemore) is dead, she must return to her family farm and face ... See full summary »"
"656"	"The Feds try to take down notorious American gangsters John Dillinger, Baby Face Nelson and Pretty Boy Floyd during a booming crime wave in the 1930s."
"657"	"The life of Mason, from early childhood to his arrival at college."
"658"	"When a kingpin threatens New York City, a group of mutated turtle warriors must emerge from the shadows to protect their home."
"659"	"A Russian teenager living in London who dies during childbirth leaves clues to a midwife in her journal that could tie her child to a rape involving a violent Russian mob family."
"660"	"The story follows a man who returns home to discover a long-buried family secret, and whose attempts to put things right threaten the lives of those he left home years before."
"661"	"A process server and his marijuana dealer wind up on the run from hitmen and a corrupt police officer after he witnesses his dealer's boss murder a competitor while trying to serve papers on him."
"662"	"A shy senior and a down-to-earth junior fall in love over one weekend."
"663"	"Two Boston area detectives investigate a little girl's kidnapping, which ultimately turns into a crisis both professionally and personally."
"664"	"An uptight FBI Special Agent is paired with a foul-mouthed Boston cop to take down a ruthless drug lord."
"665"	"A philosophy teacher soldiers through the death of her mother, getting fired from her job, and dealing with a husband who is cheating on her."
"666"	"In late-19th-century Russian high society, St. Petersburg aristocrat Anna Karenina enters into a life-changing affair with the dashing Count Alexei Vronsky."
"667"	"A detective and a psychoanalyst uncover evidence of a satanic cult while investigating the rape of a young woman."
"668"	"Newlywed couple Ted and Tami-Lynn want to have a baby, but in order to qualify to be a parent, Ted will have to prove he's a person in a court of law."
"669"	"A trio of bodybuilders in Florida get caught up in an extortion ring and a kidnapping scheme that goes terribly wrong."
"670"	"A fisherman, a smuggler, and a syndicate of businessmen match wits over the possession of a priceless diamond."
"671"	"The savage murders of three young children sparks a controversial trial of three teenagers accused of killing the kids as part of a satanic ritual."
"672"	"A disgraced member of the Russian military police investigates a series of child murders during the Stalin-era Soviet Union."
"673"	"During the Iraq War, a Sergeant recently assigned to an army bomb squad is put at odds with his squad mates due to his maverick way of handling his work."
"674"	"Reckless test pilot Hal Jordan is granted an alien ring that bestows him with otherworldly powers that inducts him into an intergalactic police force, the Green Lantern Corps."
"675"	"Two corrupt cops set out to blackmail and frame every criminal unfortunate enough to cross their path. Events, however, are complicated by the arrival of someone who appears to be even more dangerous than they are."
"676"	"A freak storm unleashes a species of bloodthirsty creatures on a small town, where a small band of citizens hole up in a supermarket and fight for their lives."
"677"	"When a structural-security authority finds himself set up and incarcerated in the world's most secret and secure prison, he has to use his skills to escape with help from the inside."
"678"	"Rosie and Alex have been best friends since they were 5, so they couldn't possibly be right for one another...or could they? When it comes to love, life and making the right choices, these two are their own worst enemies."
"679"	"A high school senior instigates a social pecking order revolution after finding out that she has been labeled the DUFF - Designated Ugly Fat Friend - by her prettier, more popular counterparts."
"680"	"Japanese agents close in as members of the Korean resistance plan an attack in 1920's Seoul."
"681"	"Katniss Everdeen is in District 13 after she shatters the games forever. Under the leadership of President Coin and the advice of her trusted friends, Katniss spreads her wings as she fights to save Peeta and a nation moved by her courage."
"682"	"Kevin's mother struggles to love her strange child, despite the increasingly vicious things he says and does as he grows up. But Kevin is just getting started, and his final act will be beyond anything anyone imagined."
"683"	"Lady Susan Vernon takes up temporary residence at her in-laws' estate and, while there, is determined to be a matchmaker for her daughter Frederica -- and herself too, naturally."
"684"	"When her mother disappears, Clary Fray learns that she descends from a line of warriors who protect our world from demons. She joins forces with others like her and heads into a dangerous alternate New York called the Shadow World."
"685"	"A man with a fateful secret embarks on an extraordinary journey of redemption by forever changing the lives of seven strangers."
"686"	"The story of King George VI of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, his impromptu ascension to the throne and the speech therapist who helped the unsure monarch become worthy of it."
"687"	"Irish republican Bobby Sands leads the inmates of a Northern Irish prison in a hunger strike."
"688"	"A teenager with teleportation abilities suddenly finds himself in the middle of an ancient war between those like him and their sworn annihilators."
"689"	"The toys are mistakenly delivered to a day-care center instead of the attic right before Andy leaves for college, and it's up to Woody to convince the other toys that they weren't abandoned and to return home."
"690"	"In the bleak days of the Cold War, espionage veteran George Smiley is forced from semi-retirement to uncover a Soviet agent within MI6."
"691"	"Alice fights alongside a resistance movement to regain her freedom from an Umbrella Corporation testing facility."
"692"	"Kaira is a budding cinematographer in search of a perfect life. Her encounter with Jug, an unconventional thinker, helps her gain a new perspective on life. She discovers that happiness is all about finding comfort in life's imperfections."
"693"	"A chronicle of Max Perkins's time as the book editor at Scribner, where he oversaw works by Thomas Wolfe, Ernest Hemingway, F. Scott Fitzgerald and others."
"694"	"A slave-turned-gladiator finds himself in a race against time to save his true love, who has been betrothed to a corrupt Roman Senator. As Mount Vesuvius erupts, he must fight to save his beloved as Pompeii crumbles around him."
"695"	"A young man who survives a disaster at sea is hurtled into an epic journey of adventure and discovery. While cast away, he forms an unexpected connection with another survivor: a fearsome Bengal tiger."
"696"	"A college professor's bond with the abandoned dog he takes into his home."
"697"	"The night before their high school reunion, a group of friends realize they still haven't quite grown up in some ways."
"698"	"A molecular biologist and his laboratory partner uncover evidence that may fundamentally change society as we know it."
"699"	"John McClane and a young hacker join forces to take down master cyber-terrorist Thomas Gabriel in Washington D.C."
"700"	"When an idealistic romantic gets fired from his day job, he is offered a \"one-time gig\" to break up a girl's relationship for her disapproving parents. This \"one-time\" gig spreads through ... See full summary »"
"701"	"Two psychopathic young men take a family hostage in their cabin."
"702"	"John Bennett, a man whose childhood wish of bringing his teddy bear to life came true, now must decide between keeping the relationship with the bear or his girlfriend, Lori."
"703"	"When his peaceful life is threatened by a high-tech assassin, former black-ops agent Frank Moses reassembles his old team in a last ditch effort to survive and uncover his assailants."
"704"	"Set in northern Australia before World War II, an English aristocrat who inherits a sprawling ranch reluctantly pacts with a stock-man in order to protect her new property from a takeover plot. As the pair drive 2,000 head of cattle over unforgiving landscape, they experience the bombing of Darwin, Australia, by Japanese forces firsthand."
"705"	"An ex-con gets on a series of apparently unrelated killings. He gets tracked by a veteran cop with secrets of his own and an egocentric hit man."
"706"	"Set in Cutter Mississippi, the film follows a man who discovers the dark truth about his neighbor and the secrets he may be keeping in the cellar."
"707"	"The affair between a politician and a contemporary dancer is affected by mysterious forces keeping the lovers apart."
"708"	"A man returns to his small hometown after learning that his mother has fallen ill and is about to undergo surgery."
"709"	"Big-city lawyer Hank Palmer returns to his childhood home where his father, the town's judge, is suspected of murder. Hank sets out to discover the truth and, along the way, reconnects with his estranged family."
"710"	"A high-profile terrorism case unexpectedly binds together two ex-lovers on the defense team - testing the limits of their loyalties and placing their lives in jeopardy."
"711"	"Sam Witwicky leaves the Autobots behind for a normal life. But when his mind is filled with cryptic symbols, the Decepticons target him and he is dragged back into the Transformers' war."
"712"	"A man is shipwrecked on a deserted island and encounters a red turtle, which changes his life."
"713"	"Manolo, a young man who is torn between fulfilling the expectations of his family and following his heart, embarks on an adventure that spans three fantastic worlds where he must face his greatest fears."
"714"	"Twins journey to the Middle East to discover their family history, and fulfill their mother's last wishes."
"715"	"A newly wed man who believes he's just gotten hitched to the perfect woman encounters another lady on his honeymoon."
"716"	"Into the world of the Emperor Penguins, who find their soul mates through song, a penguin is born who cannot sing. But he can tap dance something fierce!"
"717"	"Movie star Vincent Chase, together with his boys Eric, Turtle, and Johnny, are back - and back in business with super agent-turned-studio head Ari Gold on a risky project that will serve as Vince's directorial debut."
"718"	"A young couple staying in an isolated vacation home are terrorized by three unknown assailants."
"719"	"A man is chosen by his world's creator to undertake a momentous mission before an apocalyptic flood cleanses the world."
"720"	"After they are forced to live next to a fraternity house, a couple with a newborn baby do whatever they can to take them down."
"721"	"The continuation of Joe's sexually dictated life delves into the darker aspects of her adulthood, obsessions and what led to her being in Seligman's care."
"722"	"A chronicle of one woman's 1,100-mile solo hike undertaken as a way to recover from a recent personal tragedy."
"723"	"After their high school basketball coach passes away, five good friends and former teammates reunite for a Fourth of July holiday weekend."
"724"	"After discovering a video showing what he believes to be his vanished sister Heather, James and a group of friends head to the forest believed to be inhabited by the Blair Witch."
"725"	"Work causes a single mother to move to China with her young son; in his new home, the boy embraces kung fu, taught to him by a master."
"726"	"An imprisoned vampire, Barnabas Collins, is set free and returns to his ancestral home, where his dysfunctional descendants are in need of his protection."
"727"	"A young man and woman decide to take their friendship to the next level without becoming a couple, but soon discover that adding sex only leads to complications."
"728"	"In turn-of-the-century Vienna, a magician uses his abilities to secure the love of a woman far above his social standing."
"729"	"A group of Iraq War veterans looks to clear their name with the U.S. military, who suspect the four men of committing a crime for which they were framed."
"730"	"A soldier introduces himself to the Peterson family, claiming to be a friend of their son who died in action. After the young man is welcomed into their home, a series of accidental deaths seem to be connected to his presence."
"731"	"Two salesmen whose careers have been torpedoed by the digital age find their way into a coveted internship at Google, where they must compete with a group of young, tech-savvy geniuses for a shot at employment."
"732"	"Two British comic-book geeks traveling across the U.S. encounter an alien outside Area 51."
"733"	"A young woman who dreams of being a children's author makes an unlikely friendship with a cantankerous, rich old widower."
"734"	"A murder inside the Louvre and clues in Da Vinci paintings lead to the discovery of a religious mystery protected by a secret society for two thousand years -- which could shake the foundations of Christianity."
"735"	"\"Mr. Church\" tells the story of a unique friendship that develops when a little girl and her dying mother retain the services of a talented cook - Henry Joseph Church. What begins as a six month arrangement instead spans into fifteen years and creates a family bond that lasts forever."
"736"	"In Paris in 1931, an orphan named Hugo Cabret who lives in the walls of a train station is wrapped up in a mystery involving his late father and an automaton."
"737"	"Two girls must battle a mysterious evil force when they get left behind at their boarding school over winter break."
"738"	"A CIA agent on the ground in Jordan hunts down a powerful terrorist leader while being caught between the unclear intentions of his American supervisors and Jordan Intelligence."
"739"	"A writer indulging in all that Los Angeles and Las Vegas has to offer undertakes a search for love and self via a series of adventures with six different women."
"740"	"In the Far East, Alex O'Connell, the son of famed mummy fighters Rick and Evy O'Connell, unearths the mummy of the first Emperor of Qin -- a shape-shifting entity cursed by a witch centuries ago."
"741"	"A titan of industry is sent to prison after she's caught insider trading. When she emerges ready to rebrand herself as America's latest sweetheart, not everyone she screwed over is so quick to forgive and forget."
"742"	"The legendary Roberto Duran and his equally legendary trainer Ray Arcel change each other's lives."
"743"	"A retired legal counselor writes a novel hoping to find closure for one of his past unresolved homicide cases and for his unreciprocated love with his superior - both of which still haunt him decades later."
"744"	"A tough U.S. Marshal helps a stubborn teenager track down her father's murderer."
"745"	"Caught between a forbidden romance and the expectations of his friends, aspiring DJ Cole Carter attempts to find the path in life that leads to fame and fortune."
"746"	"As a cowardly farmer begins to fall for the mysterious new woman in town, he must put his new-found courage to the test when her husband, a notorious gun-slinger, announces his arrival."
"747"	"A married womans husband with a perfect life cheats with her sister with extreme consequences befalling them all."
"748"	"The unconventional love story of an aspiring actress, her determined driver, and their boss, eccentric billionaire Howard Hughes."
"749"	"In 1967 Los Angeles, a widowed mother and her 2 daughters add a new stunt to bolster their seance scam business, inviting an evil presence into their home."
"750"	"In order to restore their dying safe haven, the son of Poseidon and his friends embark on a quest to the Sea of Monsters to find the mythical Golden Fleece while trying to stop an ancient evil from rising."
"751"	"An attorney, intent on climbing the career ladder toward success, finds an unlikely opponent in a manipulative criminal he is trying to prosecute."
"752"	"A woman tries to exonerate her brother, who was convicted of murder, by proving that the crime was committed by a supernatural phenomenon."
"753"	"Guilt-stricken after a job gone wrong, hitman Ray and his partner await orders from their ruthless boss in Bruges, Belgium, the last place in the world Ray wants to be."
"754"	"Two top CIA operatives wage an epic battle against one another after they discover they are dating the same woman."
"755"	"A film about the black-and-white era actress Lída Baarová and her doomed love affair."
"756"	"In a dangerous post-apocalyptic world, an ailing father defends his son as they slowly travel to the sea."
"757"	"After losing her memory, a woman begins to see unexplained things after her psychiatrist suggests she visit her childhood home."
"758"	"An agent infiltrates a crime ring ran by a charismatic boss."
"759"	"A vengeful barbarian warrior sets off to get his revenge on the evil warlord who attacked his village and murdered his father when he was a boy."
"760"	"A look at the early years of boxer \"Irish\" Micky Ward and his brother who helped train him before going pro in the mid 1980s."
"761"	"A drama with fairy tale elements, where an orphaned musical prodigy uses his gift as a clue to finding his birth parents."
"762"	"A head chef quits his restaurant job and buys a food truck in an effort to reclaim his creative promise, while piecing back together his estranged family."
"763"	"Col. Katherine Powell, a military officer in command of an operation to capture terrorists in Kenya, sees her mission escalate when a girl enters the kill zone triggering an international dispute over the implications of modern warfare."
"764"	"Jerry and Rachel are two strangers thrown together by a mysterious phone call from a woman they have never met. Threatening their lives and family, she pushes Jerry and Rachel into a series of increasingly dangerous situations, using the technology of everyday life to track and control their every move."
"765"	"A wealthy family are held hostage for harboring the target of a murderous syndicate during the Purge, a 12-hour period in which any and all crime is legal."
"766"	"A stranger in the city asks questions no one has asked before. His childlike curiosity will take him on a journey of love, laughter, and letting go."
"767"	"Young Ender Wiggin is recruited by the International Military to lead the fight against the Formics, a genocidal alien race which nearly annihilated the human race in a previous invasion."
"768"	"Famed archaeologist/adventurer Dr. Henry \"Indiana\" Jones is called back into action when he becomes entangled in a Soviet plot to uncover the secret behind mysterious artifacts known as the Crystal Skulls."
"769"	"After an all night adventure, Quentin's life-long crush, Margo, disappears, leaving behind clues that Quentin and his friends follow on the journey of a lifetime."
"770"	"Life for the residents of a tower block begins to run out of control."
"771"	"James Bond descends into mystery as he tries to stop a mysterious organization from eliminating a country's most valuable resource. All the while, he still tries to seek revenge over the death of his love."
"772"	"After waking up and discovering that he has undergone gender reassignment surgery, an assassin seeks to find the doctor responsible."
"773"	"A hapless young Viking who aspires to hunt dragons becomes the unlikely friend of a young dragon himself, and learns there may be more to the creatures than he assumed."
"774"	"Apartment building superintendent Cleveland Heep rescues what he thinks is a young woman from the pool he maintains. When he discovers that she is actually a character from a bedtime story who is trying to make the journey back to her home, he works with his tenants to protect his new friend from the creatures that are determined to keep her in our world."
"775"	"As a modern-day scientist, Tommy is struggling with mortality, desperately searching for the medical breakthrough that will save the life of his cancer-stricken wife, Izzi."
"776"	"Star race car Lightning McQueen and his pal Mater head overseas to compete in the World Grand Prix race. But the road to the championship becomes rocky as Mater gets caught up in an intriguing adventure of his own: international espionage."
"777"	"Five carnival workers are kidnapped and held hostage in an abandoned, Hell-like compound where they are forced to participate in a violent game, the goal of which is to survive twelve hours against a gang of sadistic clowns."
"778"	"A man teaches a young woman how to become a complete weapon. Later she is approached by a group of sadistic teens who kill blonde women for unknown reasons. The hunting season begins."
"779"	"When a super girly-girl is dumped by her boyfriend; she decides to do everything she can to get him back by building a college gymnastics team, quickly learning that she is capable of a lot more than just getting an MRS degree."
"780"	"The story of the life and academic career of the pioneer Indian mathematician, Srinivasa Ramanujan, and his friendship with his mentor, Professor G.H. Hardy."
"781"	"A man awakens from a coma, only to discover that someone has taken on his identity and that no one, (not even his wife), believes him. With the help of a young woman, he sets out to prove who he is."
"782"	"A dying real estate mogul transfers his consciousness into a healthy young body, but soon finds that neither the procedure nor the company that performed it are quite what they seem."
"783"	"A psychological thriller about a man who is sometimes controlled by his murder-and-mayhem-loving alter ego."
"784"	"A young man and woman find love in an unlikely place while carrying out a shady deal."
"785"	"Two strangers stuck in Manhattan for the night grow into each other's most trusted confidants when an evening of unexpected adventure forces them to confront their fears and take control of their lives."
"786"	"The true story of Captain Richard Phillips and the 2009 hijacking by Somali pirates of the U.S.-flagged MV Maersk Alabama, the first American cargo ship to be hijacked in two hundred years."
"787"	"A woman keeps a diary of her extended stay at a mental hospital."
"788"	"The adventures of teenager Max McGrath and his alien companion, Steel, who must harness and combine their tremendous new powers to evolve into the turbo-charged superhero Max Steel."
"789"	"Dracula and his friends try to bring out the monster in his half human, half vampire grandson in order to keep Mavis from leaving the hotel."
"790"	"Hancock is a superhero whose ill considered behavior regularly causes damage in the millions. He changes when the person he saves helps him improve his public image."
"791"	"Two sisters decide to throw one last house party before their parents sell their family home."
"792"	"The Manzoni family, a notorious mafia clan, is relocated to Normandy, France under the witness protection program, where fitting in soon becomes challenging as their old habits die hard."
"793"	"Lifelong platonic friends Zack and Miri look to solve their respective cash-flow problems by making an adult film together. As the cameras roll, however, the duo begin to sense that they may have more feelings for each other than they previously thought."
"794"	"After losing his mother, a young boy is sent to a foster home with other orphans his age where he begins to learn the meaning of trust and true love."
"795"	"As a police psychologist works to talk down an ex-con who is threatening to jump from a Manhattan hotel rooftop, the biggest diamond heist ever committed is in motion."
"796"	"A guy and girl try to keep their relationship strictly physical, but it's not long before they learn that they want something more."
"797"	"A U.S. fighter pilot's epic struggle of survival after being shot down on a mission over Laos during the Vietnam War."
"798"	"When Gru, the world's most super-bad turned super-dad has been recruited by a team of officials to stop lethal muscle and a host of Gru's own, He has to fight back with new gadgetry, cars, and more minion madness."
"799"	"Private investigator Matthew Scudder is hired by a drug kingpin to find out who kidnapped and murdered his wife."
"800"	"Five friends who reunite in an attempt to top their epic pub crawl from twenty years earlier unwittingly become humanity's only hope for survival."
"801"	"Two teenage yoga enthusiasts team up with a legendary man-hunter to battle with an ancient evil presence that is threatening their major party plans."
"802"	"A struggling screenwriter inadvertently becomes entangled in the Los Angeles criminal underworld after his oddball friends kidnap a gangster's beloved Shih Tzu."
"803"	"The warrior Beowulf must fight and defeat the monster Grendel who is terrorizing Denmark, and later, Grendel's mother, who begins killing out of revenge."
"804"	"Jack Ryan, as a young covert CIA analyst, uncovers a Russian plot to crash the U.S. economy with a terrorist attack."
"805"	"A man who specializes in debunking paranormal occurrences checks into the fabled room 1408 in the Dolphin Hotel. Soon after settling in, he confronts genuine terror."
"806"	"Lit professor and gambler Jim Bennett's debt causes him to borrow money from his mother and a loan shark. Further complicating his situation is his relationship with one of his students. Will Bennett risk his life for a second chance?"
"807"	"A young fugitive prince and princess must stop a villain who unknowingly threatens to destroy the world with a special dagger that enables the magic sand inside to reverse time."
"808"	"A hard-partying high school senior's philosophy on life changes when he meets the not-so-typical \"nice girl.\""
"809"	"The story of King Seretse Khama of Botswana and how his loving but controversial marriage to a British white woman, Ruth Williams, put his kingdom into political and diplomatic turmoil."
"810"	"During World War II, an American navy ship is sunk by a Japanese submarine leaving 300 crewmen stranded in shark infested waters."
"811"	"In a post-apocalyptic wasteland in 1997, a comic book fan adopts the persona of his favourite hero to save his enthusiastic friend and fight a tyrannical overlord."
"812"	"A young couple take in their two nieces only to suspect that a foreboding evil has latched itself to their family."
"813"	"A husband and wife who recently lost their baby adopt a nine year-old girl who is not nearly as innocent as she claims to be."
"814"	"The lives of some visitors and residents of Rome and the romances, adventures and predicaments they get into."
"815"	"An urbane fox cannot resist returning to his farm raiding ways and then must help his community survive the farmers' retaliation."
"816"	"A police detective, a bank robber, and a high-power broker enter high-stakes negotiations after the criminal's brilliant heist spirals into a hostage situation."
"817"	"A self-proclaimed millionaire, has his life turned upside down after firing his I.T. consultant."
"818"	"An adventurous mountain climber becomes trapped under a boulder while canyoneering alone near Moab, Utah and resorts to desperate measures in order to survive."
"819"	"A couple begins to experience terrifying supernatural occurrences involving a vintage doll shortly after their home is invaded by satanic cultists."
"820"	"Four friends gather at an elegant home during the Summer of Love, 1969. Unbeknownst to them, deadly visitors are waiting outside. What begins as a simple farewell party turns to a night of ... See full summary »"
"821"	"During the early years of Nazi occupation of France in World War II, romance blooms between Lucile Angellier (Michelle Williams), a French villager, and Bruno von Falk (Matthias Schoenaerts), a German soldier."
"822"	"A traveling theater company gives its audience much more than they were expecting."
"823"	"An elite military unit comprised of special operatives known as G.I. Joe, operating out of The Pit, takes on an evil organization led by a notorious arms dealer."
"824"	"The story of Christine Chubbuck, a 1970s TV reporter struggling with depression and professional frustrations as she tries to advance her career."
"825"	"In a post-apocalyptic America, former U.S. Marine Gabriel Drummer searches desperately for the whereabouts of his son, accompanied by his best friend and a survivor."
"826"	"A thriller centered around a widower who moves into a seemingly perfect new home with his daughter and new wife."
"827"	"A heart-pounding thriller about a widowed child psychologist who lives in an isolated existence in rural New England. Caught in a deadly winter storm, she must find a way to rescue a young boy before he disappears forever."
"828"	"A teenager is magically transported to China and learns to convert his video game skills into those of a Kung Fu warrior."
"829"	"Quentin Tarantino and Robert Rodriguez's homage to exploitation double features in the 60s and 70s with two back-to-back cult films that include previews of coming attractions between them."
"830"	"Over the course of one evening, an unsuspecting group of twenty-somethings find themselves bombarded by a series of natural disasters and catastrophic events."
"831"	"Thirty years after the ring of the first bell, Rocky Balboa comes out of retirement and dons his gloves for his final fight; against the reigning heavyweight champ Mason 'The Line' Dixon."
"832"	"School's out. Summer vacation is on. However, Greg may not have the best summer vacation ever. What could go wrong?"
"833"	"A mousy governess who softens the heart of her employer soon discovers that he's hiding a terrible secret."
"834"	"A new clue to the whereabouts of a lost treasure rekindles a married couple's sense of adventure -- and their estranged romance."
"835"	"The heroic story of a dictator who risked his life to ensure that democracy would never come to the country he so lovingly oppressed."
"836"	"Five married guys conspire to secretly share a penthouse loft in the city--a place where they can carry out hidden affairs and indulge in their deepest fantasies. But the fantasy becomes a nightmare when they discover the dead body of an unknown woman in the loft, and they realize one of the group must be involved."
"837"	"A film about compromises and the implications of the parent's role."
"838"	"An Israeli Special Forces Soldier fakes his death so he can re-emerge in New York City as a hair stylist."
"839"	"A police detective investigates the truth behind his partner's death. The mysterious case reveals disturbing police corruption and a dangerous secret involving an unlikely young woman."
"840"	"An arthritic Nova Scotia woman works as a housekeeper while she hones her skills as an artist and eventually becomes a beloved figure in the community."
"841"	"Dale, Kurt and Nick decide to start their own business but things don't go as planned because of a slick investor, prompting the trio to pull off a harebrained and misguided kidnapping scheme."
"842"	"The vacation of a famous rock star and a filmmaker in Italy is disrupted by the unexpected visit of an old friend and his daughter."
"843"	"Two sisters find their already strained relationship challenged as a mysterious new planet threatens to collide with Earth."
"844"	"A waitress, desperate to fulfill her dreams as a restaurant owner, is set on a journey to turn a frog prince back into a human being, but she has to face the same problem after she kisses him."
"845"	"With an unmanned, half-mile-long freight train barreling toward a city, a veteran engineer and a young conductor race against the clock to prevent a catastrophe."
"846"	"An airline pilot saves almost all his passengers on his malfunctioning airliner which eventually crashed, but an investigation into the accident reveals something troubling."
"847"	"An alien on the run from his own people makes friends with a girl. He tries to help her on her quest, but can be an interference."
"848"	"In the world of high-end art auctions and antiques, Virgil Oldman is an elderly and esteemed but eccentric genius art-expert, known and appreciated by the world. Oldman is hired by a ... See full summary »"
"849"	"Follows Casey and Jonas, two teenagers desperate to escape their broken and abusive homes and examines the desperation of life on the run and the beauty of first love."
"850"	"This movie is about Jackie Robinson and his journey to becoming a Brooklyn Dodger and his life during that time."
"851"	"\"21\" is the fact-based story about six MIT students who were trained to become experts in card counting and subsequently took Vegas casinos for millions in winnings."
"852"	"A chance encounter between a disgraced music-business executive and a young singer-songwriter new to Manhattan turns into a promising collaboration between the two talents."
"853"	"When Rodney Baze mysteriously disappears and law enforcement doesn't follow through fast enough, his older brother, Russell, takes matters into his own hands to find justice."
"854"	"Two girlfriends on a summer holiday in Spain become enamored with the same painter, unaware that his ex-wife, with whom he has a tempestuous relationship, is about to re-enter the picture."
"855"	"The Dragon Warrior has to clash against the savage Tai Lung as China's fate hangs in the balance: However, the Dragon Warrior mantle is supposedly mistaken to be bestowed upon an obese panda who is a tyro in martial arts."
"856"	"As their surrounding community has taken a turn for the worse, the crew at Calvin's Barbershop come together to bring some much needed change to their neighborhood."
"857"	"In 2018, a mysterious new weapon in the war against the machines, half-human and half-machine, comes to John Connor on the eve of a resistance attack on Skynet. But whose side is he on, and can he be trusted?"
"858"	"A young teacher inspires her class of at-risk students to learn tolerance, apply themselves, and pursue education beyond high school."
"859"	"A suburban American family is being stalked by a group of psychotic people who live in the desert, far away from civilization."
"860"	"A grief-stricken mother takes on the LAPD to her own detriment when it stubbornly tries to pass off an obvious impostor as her missing child, while also refusing to give up hope that she will find him one day."
"861"	"A romantic drama centered on two new lovers: Tyler, whose parents have split in the wake of his brother's suicide, and Ally, who lives each day to the fullest since witnessing her mother's murder."
"862"	"The story revolves around Nishimiya Shoko, a grade school student who has impaired hearing. She transfers into a new school, where she is bullied by her classmates, especially Ishida Shouya... See full summary »"
"863"	"Alexander's day begins with gum stuck in his hair, followed by more calamities. However, he finds little sympathy from his family and begins to wonder if bad things only happen to him, his mom, dad, brother and sister - who all find themselves living through their own terrible, horrible, no good, very bad day."
"864"	"Ivan Locke, a dedicated family man and successful construction manager, receives a phone call on the eve of the biggest challenge of his career that sets in motion a series of events that threaten his carefully cultivated existence."
"865"	"A psychologist who begins working with a young boy who has suffered a near-fatal fall finds himself drawn into a mystery that tests the boundaries of fantasy and reality."
"866"	"In the aftermath of his girlfriend's mysterious death, a young man awakens to find strange horns sprouting from his temples."
"867"	"In 1951, Marcus, a working-class Jewish student from New Jersey, attends a small Ohio college, where he struggles with sexual repression and cultural disaffection, amid the ongoing Korean War."
"868"	"Twenty-four male students out of seventy-five were selected to take on randomly assigned roles of prisoners and guards in a mock prison situated in the basement of the Stanford psychology building."
"869"	"Back in middle school after summer vacation, Greg Heffley and his older brother Rodrick must deal with their parents' misguided attempts to have them bond."
"870"	"Agent Ethan Hunt comes into conflict with a dangerous and sadistic arms dealer who threatens his life and his fianceé in response ."
"871"	"Ove, an ill-tempered, isolated retiree who spends his days enforcing block association rules and visiting his wife's grave, has finally given up on life just as an unlikely friendship develops with his boisterous new neighbors."
"872"	"The young warrior Son Goku sets out on a quest, racing against time and the vengeful King Piccolo, to collect a set of seven magical orbs that will grant their wielder unlimited power."
"873"	"A group of teenagers look to save their town from an invasion of North Korean soldiers."
"874"	"After spending the night together on the night of their college graduation Dexter and Em are shown each year on the same date to see where they are in their lives. They are sometimes together, sometimes not, on that day."
"875"	"Two single adults become caregivers to an orphaned girl when their mutual best friends die in an accident."
"876"	"Six months after the rage virus was inflicted on the population of Great Britain, the US Army helps to secure a small area of London for the survivors to repopulate and start again. But not everything goes to plan."
"877"	"After a highly unusual zombie saves a still-living girl from an attack, the two form a relationship that sets in motion events that might transform the entire lifeless world."
"878"	"A New York socialite, deeply troubled and in denial, arrives in San Francisco to impose upon her sister. She looks a million, but isn't bringing money, peace, or love..."
"879"	"The G.I. Joes are not only fighting their mortal enemy Cobra; they are forced to contend with threats from within the government that jeopardize their very existence."
"880"	"Perseus braves the treacherous underworld to rescue his father, Zeus, captured by his son, Ares, and brother Hades who unleash the ancient Titans upon the world."
"881"	"Japan is plunged into chaos upon the appearance of a giant monster."
"882"	"Author P.L. Travers reflects on her childhood after reluctantly meeting with Walt Disney, who seeks to adapt her Mary Poppins books for the big screen."
"883"	"A scientist's drive for artificial intelligence, takes on dangerous implications when his consciousness is uploaded into one such program."
"884"	"When Blu, a domesticated macaw from small-town Minnesota, meets the fiercely independent Jewel, he takes off on an adventure to Rio de Janeiro with the bird of his dreams."
"885"	"In an emotionless utopia, two people fall in love when they regain their feelings from a mysterious disease, causing tensions between them and their society."
"886"	"Tragedy strikes a married couple on vacation in the Moroccan desert, touching off an interlocking story involving four different families."
"887"	"The story of a family in Waco, Texas in 1956. The eldest son witnesses the loss of innocence and struggles with his parents' conflicting teachings."
"888"	"A Marine travels to Louisiana after serving three tours in Iraq and searches for the unknown woman he believes was his good luck charm during the war."
"889"	"After a sudden underwater tremor sets free scores of the prehistoric man-eating fish, an unlikely group of strangers must band together to stop themselves from becoming fish food for the area's new razor-toothed residents."
"890"	"Inspired by a true story, a comedy centered on a 27-year-old guy who learns of his cancer diagnosis, and his subsequent struggle to beat the disease."
"891"	"Gunz (Dylan Duffus) is thrust into a world of excitement when he joins the TIC crew. The crew, led by the ruthless Hoodz (Scorcher), goes from low level weed peddling to full on armed ... See full summary »"
"892"	"Pete and Debbie are both about to turn 40, their kids hate each other, both of their businesses are failing, they're on the verge of losing their house, and their relationship is threatening to fall apart."
"893"	"In the near future, robot boxing is a top sport. A struggling promoter feels he's found a champion in a discarded robot."
"894"	"A New York writer on sex and love is finally getting married to her Mr. Big. But her three best girlfriends must console her after one of them inadvertently leads Mr. Big to jilt her."
"895"	"In Thailand, John Rambo joins a group of missionaries to venture into war-torn Burma, and rescue a group of Christian aid workers who were kidnapped by the ruthless local infantry unit."
"896"	"After an experimental bio-weapon is released, turning thousands into zombie-like creatures, it's up to a rag-tag group of survivors to stop the infected and those behind its release."
"897"	"In Pittsburgh, accomplished pathologist Dr. Bennet Omalu uncovers the truth about brain damage in football players who suffer repeated concussions in the course of normal play."
"898"	"In a hospital on the outskirts of 1920s Los Angeles, an injured stuntman begins to tell a fellow patient, a little girl with a broken arm, a fantastic story of five mythical heroes. Thanks to his fractured state of mind and her vivid imagination, the line between fiction and reality blurs as the tale advances."
"899"	"A romantically challenged morning show producer is reluctantly embroiled in a series of outrageous tests by her chauvinistic correspondent to prove his theories on relationships and help ... See full summary »"
"900"	"Two best friends become rivals when they schedule their respective weddings on the same day."
"901"	"A good-natured womanizer and a serial cheater form a platonic relationship that helps reform them in ways, while a mutual attraction sets in."
"902"	"An FBI agent takes on a plane full of deadly and venomous snakes, deliberately released to kill a witness being flown from Honolulu to Los Angeles to testify against a mob boss."
"903"	"Wallace, who is burned out from a string of failed relationships, forms an instant bond with Chantry, who lives with her longtime boyfriend. Together, they puzzle out what it means if your best friend is also the love of your life."
"904"	"When Hiccup and Toothless discover an ice cave that is home to hundreds of new wild dragons and the mysterious Dragon Rider, the two friends find themselves at the center of a battle to protect the peace."
"905"	"In 2028 Detroit, when Alex Murphy - a loving husband, father and good cop - is critically injured in the line of duty, the multinational conglomerate OmniCorp sees their chance for a part-man, part-robot police officer."
"906"	"An activist gets caught up in the labor movement for farm workers in California during the 1930s."
"907"	"A self-help seminar inspires a sixty-something woman to romantically pursue her younger co-worker."
"908"	"Danny Ocean rounds up the boys for a third heist, after casino owner Willy Bank double-crosses one of the original eleven, Reuben Tishkoff."
"909"	"A small town is taken over by an alien plague, turning residents into zombies and all forms of mutant monsters."
"910"	"Healthcare professionals, government officials and everyday people find themselves in the midst of a worldwide epidemic as the CDC works to find a cure."
"911"	"From the bitter quest of the Queen of Longtrellis, to two mysterious sisters who provoke the passion of a king, to the King of Highhills obsessed with a giant Flea, these tales are inspired by the fairytales by Giambattista Basile."
"912"	"A young nurse takes care of elderly author who lives in a haunted house."
"913"	"A preteen's life turns upside down when he befriends the new girl in school and they imagine a whole new fantasy world to escape reality."
"914"	"Strange things begin to happen when a group of friends gather for a dinner party on an evening when a comet is passing overhead."
"915"	"The life and death story of Notorious B.I.G. (a.k.a. Christopher Wallace), who came straight out of Brooklyn to take the world of rap music by storm."
"916"	"A stranger arrives in a little village and soon after a mysterious sickness starts spreading. A policeman is drawn into the incident and is forced to solve the mystery in order to save his daughter."
"917"	"Mr. Church reunites the Expendables for what should be an easy paycheck, but when one of their men is murdered on the job, their quest for revenge puts them deep in enemy territory and up against an unexpected threat."
"918"	"Based on the Jack Ketchum novel of the same name, The Girl Next Door follows the unspeakable torture and abuses committed on a teenage girl in the care of her aunt...and the boys who witness and fail to report the crime."
"919"	"Jean-Baptiste Grenouille, born with a superior olfactory sense, creates the world's finest perfume. His work, however, takes a dark turn as he searches for the ultimate scent."
"920"	"In a parallel universe, young Lyra Belacqua journeys to the far North to save her best friend and other kidnapped children from terrible experiments by a mysterious organization."
"921"	"A splinter group of Roman soldiers fight for their lives behind enemy lines after their legion is decimated in a devastating guerrilla attack."
"922"	"Three scouts, on the eve of their last camp-out, discover the true meaning of friendship when they attempt to save their town from a zombie outbreak."
"923"	"Mike O'Donnell is ungrateful for how his life turned out. He gets a chance to rewrite his life when he tried to save a janitor near a bridge and jumped after him into a time vortex."
"924"	"In their new overseas home, an American family soon finds themselves caught in the middle of a coup, and they frantically look for a safe escape from an environment where foreigners are being immediately executed."
"925"	"Superman reappears after a long absence, but is challenged by an old foe who uses Kryptonian technology for world domination."
"926"	"The Quileutes close in on expecting parents Edward and Bella, whose unborn child poses a threat to the Wolf Pack and the towns people of Forks."
"927"	"In New York City's Harlem circa 1987, an overweight, abused, illiterate teen who is pregnant with her second child is invited to enroll in an alternative school in hopes that her life can head in a new direction."
"928"	"A suicidal American befriends a Japanese man lost in a forest near Mt. Fuji and the two search for a way out."
"929"	"Four high school students look to redefine themselves after graduation."
"930"	"A Naval veteran arrives home from war unsettled and uncertain of his future - until he is tantalized by The Cause and its charismatic leader."
"931"	"City teenager Ren MacCormack moves to a small town where rock music and dancing have been banned, and his rebellious spirit shakes up the populace."
"932"	"Life changes in an instant for young Mia Hall after a car accident puts her in a coma. During an out-of-body experience, she must decide whether to wake up and live a life far different than she had imagined. The choice is hers if she can go on."
"933"	"A blind man who regains his vision finds himself becoming metaphorically blinded by his obsession for the superficial."
"934"	"A young law student blindly enters into a pact with a man who offers to kill his stepfather, whom he feels is responsible for the accident that sent his mother into a coma."
"935"	"A modern-day witch uses spells and magic to get men to fall in love with her."
"936"	"#1 NASCAR driver Ricky Bobby stays atop the heap thanks to a pact with his best friend and teammate, Cal Naughton, Jr. But when a French Formula One driver, makes his way up the ladder, Ricky Bobby's talent and devotion are put to the test."
"937"	"A mad scientist kidnaps and mutilates a trio of tourists in order to reassemble them into a human centipede, created by stitching their mouths to each others' rectums."
"938"	"After his wife falls under the influence of a drug dealer, an everyday guy transforms himself into Crimson Bolt, a superhero with the best intentions, but lacking in heroic skills."
"939"	"Irish Commandant Pat Quinlan leads a stand off with troops against French and Belgian Mercenaries in the Congo during the early 1960s."
"940"	"Ryan Bingham enjoys living out of a suitcase for his job traveling around the country firing people, but finds that lifestyle threatened by the presence of a potential love interest and a new hire."
"941"	"A photographer's obsessive pursuit of dark subject matter leads him into the path of a serial killer who stalks late night commuters, ultimately butchering them in the most gruesome ways imaginable."
"942"	"As a string of mysterious killings grips Seattle, Bella, whose high school graduation is fast approaching, is forced to choose between her love for vampire Edward and her friendship with werewolf Jacob."
"943"	"For three Border Patrol agents working a remote desert checkpoint, the contents of one car will reveal an insidious plot within their own ranks. The next 24 hours will take them on a treacherous journey that could cost them their lives."
"944"	"A woman looks back at the past nineteen men she's had relationships with in her life and wonders if one of them might be her one true love."
"945"	"Left for dead on a sun-scorched planet, Riddick finds himself up against an alien race of predators. Activating an emergency beacon alerts two ships: one carrying a new breed of mercenary, the other captained by a man from Riddick's past."
"946"	"The story revolves around the passengers of a yachting trip in the Atlantic Ocean who, when struck by mysterious weather conditions, jump to another ship only to experience greater havoc on the open seas."
"947"	"As Cecil Gaines serves eight presidents during his tenure as a butler at the White House, the civil rights movement, Vietnam, and other major events affect this man's life, family, and American society."
"948"	"This ripped-from-the-headlines drama covers the early rise of gay porn headliner Sean Paul Lockhart a.k.a. Brent Corrigan, before his falling out with the producer who made him famous. When... See full summary »"
"949"	"A crash landing leaves Kitai Raige and his father Cypher stranded on Earth, a millennium after events forced humanity's escape. With Cypher injured, Kitai must embark on a perilous journey to signal for help."
"950"	"Brandon is a 15 year old whose dream is a pair of fresh Air Jordans. Soon after he gets his hands on them, they're stolen by a local hood, causing Brandon and his two friends to go on a dangerous mission through Oakland to retrieve them."
"951"	"High schooler Greg, who spends most of his time making parodies of classic movies with his co-worker Earl, finds his outlook forever altered after befriending a classmate who has just been diagnosed with cancer."
"952"	"A land baron tries to reconnect with his two daughters after his wife is seriously injured in a boating accident."
"953"	"While wrestling with the pressures of life, love, and work in Manhattan, Carrie, Miranda, and Charlotte join Samantha for a trip to Abu Dhabi (United Arab Emirates), where Samantha's ex is filming a new movie."
"954"	"Three teenage friends, in the ultimate act of independence, decide to spend their summer building a house in the woods and living off the land."
"955"	"Ex-con Jensen Ames is forced by the warden of a notorious prison to compete in our post-industrial world's most popular sport: a car race in which inmates must brutalize and kill one another on the road to victory."
"956"	"Three best friends find themselves where we've all been - at that confusing moment in every dating relationship when you have to decide \"So...where is this going?\""
"957"	"When a group of strangers at a dusty roadside diner come under attack by demonic forces, their only chance for survival lies with an archangel named Michael, who informs a pregnant waitress that her unborn child is humanity's last hope."
"958"	"Shot documentary-style, this film follows the daily grind of two young police officers in LA who are partners and friends, and what happens when they meet criminal forces greater than themselves."
"959"	"A dying CIA agent trying to reconnect with his estranged daughter is offered an experimental drug that could save his life in exchange for one last assignment."
"960"	"A case of mistaken identity lands Slevin into the middle of a war being plotted by two of the city's most rival crime bosses: The Rabbi and The Boss. Slevin is under constant surveillance by relentless Detective Brikowski as well as the infamous assassin Goodkat and finds himself having to hatch his own ingenious plot to get them before they get him."
"961"	"An art auctioneer who has become mixed up with a group of criminals partners with a hypnotherapist in order to recover a lost painting."
"962"	"After a massive power outage, two sisters learn to survive on their own in their isolated woodland home."
"963"	"Two sisters contend for the affection of King Henry VIII."
"964"	"A writer who is brutalized during her cabin retreat seeks revenge on her attackers, who left her for dead."
"965"	"The lives of three women are unexpectedly changed when they cross paths at a New York Family Court."
"966"	"As an actress starts to adopt the persona of her character in a film, her world starts to become nightmarish and surreal."
"967"	"Highly influential and a fearlessly ambitious pioneer, innovator, filmmaker, researcher and conservationist, Jacques-Yves Cousteau's aquatic adventure covers roughly thirty years of an inarguably rich in achievements life."
"968"	"In 1974, high-wire artist Philippe Petit recruits a team of people to help him realize his dream: to walk the immense void between the World Trade Center towers."
"969"	"Best friends Emily and Lesley go on a road trip to the desert. When Emily decides to get off the highway and take a \"short cut,\" they become the target of a relentless and psychotic trucker... See full summary »"
"970"	"Native American warrior Tonto recounts the untold tales that transformed John Reid, a man of the law, into a legend of justice."
"971"	"A young woman travels to Texas to collect an inheritance; little does she know that an encounter with a chainsaw-wielding killer is part of the reward."
"972"	"A teen living under house arrest becomes convinced his neighbor is a serial killer."
"973"	"A small town girl and a city boy meet on the Sunset Strip, while pursuing their Hollywood dreams."
"974"	"Ten years have passed, and Sidney Prescott, who has put herself back together thanks in part to her writing, is visited by the Ghostface Killer."
"975"	"A Ugandan girl sees her world rapidly change after being introduced to the game of chess."
"976"	"A Portokalos family secret brings the beloved characters back together for an even bigger and Greeker wedding."
"977"	"Libby Day was only eight years old when her family was brutally murdered in their rural Kansas farmhouse. Almost thirty years later, she reluctantly agrees to revisit the crime and uncovers the wrenching truths that led up to that tragic night."
"978"	"Guy Carter is an award-winning graduate student of architecture. He's got a beautiful wife and a baby on the way. The problem? He doesn't have \"his ducks in a row,\" which only fuels his ... See full summary »"
"979"	"Louis (Gaspard Ulliel), a terminally ill writer, returns home after a long absence to tell his family that he is dying."
"980"	"A brilliant plastic surgeon, haunted by past tragedies, creates a type of synthetic skin that withstands any kind of damage. His guinea pig: a mysterious and volatile woman who holds the key to his obsession."
"981"	"A young girl suffering from a rare digestive disorder finds herself miraculously cured after surviving a terrible accident."
"982"	"A foster kid, who lives with her mean foster mom, sees her life change when business tycoon and New York mayoral candidate Will Stacks makes a thinly-veiled campaign move and takes her in."
"983"	"The music of the Beatles and the Vietnam War form the backdrop for the romance between an upper-class American girl and a poor Liverpudlian artist."
"984"	"Two struggling pals dress as police officers for a costume party and become neighborhood sensations. But when these newly-minted \"heroes\" get tangled in a real life web of mobsters and dirty detectives, they must put their fake badges on the line."
"985"	"A Malinois dog that helped American Marines in Afghanistan returns to the United States and is adopted by his handler's family after suffering a traumatic experience."
"986"	"When Prince Fabious's bride is kidnapped, he goes on a quest to rescue her... accompanied by his lazy useless brother Thadeous."
"987"	"Survivors of a suspension-bridge collapse learn there's no way you can cheat Death."
"988"	"The story of a privileged girl and a charismatic boy whose instant desire sparks a love affair made only more reckless by parents trying to keep them apart."
"989"	"A young woman's quest for revenge against the people who kidnapped and tormented her as a child leads her and a friend, who is also a victim of child abuse, on a terrifying journey into a living hell of depravity."
"990"	"A chronicle of Martin Luther King's campaign to secure equal voting rights via an epic march from Selma to Montgomery, Alabama in 1965."
"991"	"An origins story centered on the centuries-old feud between the race of aristocratic vampires and their onetime slaves, the Lycans."
"992"	"An eight-year-old boy is thought to be a lazy trouble-maker, until the new art teacher has the patience and compassion to discover the real problem behind his struggles in school."
"993"	"Four years after graduation, an awkward high school genius uses his sister's boyfriend's Labor Day party as the perfect opportunity to make his move on his high school crush."
"994"	"While still out to destroy the evil Umbrella Corporation, Alice joins a group of survivors living in a prison surrounded by the infected who also want to relocate to the mysterious but supposedly unharmed safe haven known only as Arcadia."
"995"	"3 high school seniors throw a birthday party to make a name for themselves. As the night progresses, things spiral out of control as word of the party spreads."
"996"	"A tight-knit team of rising investigators, along with their supervisor, is suddenly torn apart when they discover that one of their own teenage daughters has been brutally murdered."
"997"	"Three American college students studying abroad are lured to a Slovakian hostel, and discover the grim reality behind it."
"998"	"Romantic sparks occur between two dance students from different backgrounds at the Maryland School of the Arts."
"999"	"A pair of friends embark on a mission to reunite their pal with the woman he was going to marry."
"1000"	"A stuffy businessman finds himself trapped inside the body of his family's cat."
